# January
* spoke at World Web Forum about AR
* spoke at GDG Singapore on Web Components
* spoke at JSConf Asia in Singapore

# February
* held Global Diversity Cfp Day workshop
* started CS50 exercises
* awesome talk with Una at Smashing Conference London
* Fiddled with linux kernel space again

# March
* Blog post on x86 assembly taking of. Binni Shah retweeted it!
* Travelled to Helsinki, met lovely people
* Learned how to write EFI binaries
* Last day at Archilogic

# April

* Offered test tech interviews for friends, later for others via Twitter
* Started building MakingCode
* Became a Noogler, went to onboarding sessions in Zurich
* Went to SF for ImageCon, met Googler's in SF
* Went to JS Unconf in Hamburg, great time with OnesieJS

# May

* Met Thomas in ZRH
* Setup proper mentoring program with two mentees
* Ran mock coding interviews with 3 people
* Helped with proposals and slides
* Went to I/O in Mountain View, met [tons of lovely people](https://twitter.com/g33konaut/status/994967456316669952)
* Got to do a blog post on I/O for the Google WMC blog
* Talked at women++ hackathon prep session
* Taught programming in a session at HWZ
* Got a peer bonus for my community engagement

# June

* I did a talk at Informatiktage on programming for everyone
* I helped to run a Scratch course for kids at Google for Informatiktage
* Amazing trip to Oslo for Web Rebels
* I mentored two teams of kids for OpenRoberta
* I helped LernStick with some improvements for Nautilus
* I got another bonus from a coworker at Google for my work with the GDE community at I/O
* I mentored a few teams at the Hack and lead event
* SO MUCH SWIMMING <3 <3 <3
* Had an amazing time with Aurora - she's amazing!
* Got the MiBand, feeling a lot better, now that I watch my activity
* Amazing trip with Anne to TLV. Lovely team there, exciting stuff coming, friendly conference

# July

* Holger visited us
* We had a fun time with family
* Video of HTTP 203 came out (woot!)
* Went Paragliding, woot! Only crashed once!
* Learnt SUP, sooo coool!
* Crossed the Lake with Madlaina and Marion!
* Andre visited Zurich
* Spoke at Working Draft (episode 351)
* Went to JS Camp, yay!!
* Lizzi visited ZRH and we had a boat trip together with Mariya

# August

* Family visit, yayyy!
* [Working Draft Revision 351](https://workingdraft.de/351/) has landed! Good feedback so far :)
* [Video of my talk at JS Camp](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2lJoVD0Wec) was released <3
* HTTP203 was also released as [audio only](https://developers.google.com/web/shows/http203/podcast/io-chats-martin)
* A [quoting retweet](https://twitter.com/igrigorik/status/1033093212884226048) from Ilya for my talk with VERY nice words and stuff <3
* I learned a ton about Bigtable, dashboards and stuff <3
* Alexander Gerasimov is visiting :)
* I added a caching feature to [pupperender](https://github.com/LasaleFamine/pupperender)
* I had my first successful e-scooter ride between main station and home!
* Maddy and Carolyn and Monica and Jake and Alex and Slobodan and many other wonderful people at FEC <3
* WE MADE ANOTHER FEC! =)

# September

* Got another bonus for the Hack'n'lead mentoring :)
* We had a Google summer party at the Zoo! It was awesome!
* I led an OpenRoberta workshop for the first time!
* My [PR for Rendertron](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/rendertron/pull/216) landed
* I figured out how to host events at Google, helped out the WTM
* Met my friend Jasmin AFTER 10 YEARS! :O <3
* Great GDG DACH summit in Hamburg... did a talk that was VERY dear to my heart (biases, diversity and inclusion)
* Busy week: Webzuerich, DevCircle, WTM, Google Dance
* Enjoyed the day in Bochum - great time with Madeleine & the other two speakers were fantastic
* Had a great day with Myriam, Augustin & Mocsing. I LOVE THAT DOG!!
* Hung out with Takeaki-san and Kimura-san...and had fondue.
* Google Dance Zuerich was a blast. We had ace decoraation, great speakers (except the "SEO" talk and the first LT). [Great feedback](https://twitter.com/angelagrammatas/status/1043233113172836352)
* John said "fantastic job" to my MC'ing <3
* I now own a squid hat. It is fabulous! Thanks Myriam
* Had an amazing, lazy weekend with Anne
* I learned from Mariya that Hungary is named after the huns... and apparently the language is coming from the huns, too.
* BrightonSEO was weird, but alright. I'm so happy I got to meet Jamie and Ashley. Lots of lovely chats!

# October

* Visited the AMS Google office, nice place!
* Finally made it to the Digital Ocean Meetup, was a nice evening!
* Met Carmen and Pascal again - always amazing to catch up to these warm, kind people :)))
* I MC'd both days of Fronteers and it was great! What a great time! I also got to check out the A'dam lookout with Carmen
* Got a peer bonus from Mathias for MC'ing :o)
* Had a great time at Devfest Ukraine <3
* RuhrJS was LIT this year :))
* Visiting Belgrade, meeting Ally, Milica, Branislav, Slobodan and Ivan again. Had a great time, people are so friendly here!
* Volunteering at Digitaltag was interesting, got to learn a bit more about myaccount.google.com, too
* Got good feedback from perf - yaaay! Still felt a little odd
* Had a lovely day exploring MTV and the Computer History museum with Anne
* Jumped into an in-person hangout with John in MTV. Got to answer tons of questions on JS. Got misrepresented by Barry, sighhhh

# November

* Hanging out with Aurora, Mariya, Andre, John and having a good time in MTV / SVL
* People enjoyed my session at the PE summit, phew :)
* Presented the Google Search Conference idea to Bez. Besides some details, he's on boaaaard!
* Anne took 20 minutes to teach me how to ride a bike at Googleplex. We biked from Googleplex to the Android lawn statues and around MTV <3
* I took a Gbus for the first time and got to see the sunrise over the bay. I then biked around Mountain View between meetings :)
* A professional actress, conducting speaker training, told me I was a "fantastic speaker" <3 <3 <3
* I published the codelab about fixing sneaky 404s for web.dev :)
* Angular SF was alright - would've liked more interactions with people, but it went alright.
* Anne and me biked ~20km along the bay and onto Golden Gate bridge. It was soo much fun!
* Met Olena and Ingvar again - had a lovely evening with them!
* Had a good GDE summit with lots of Q's being asked after my talk
* Got another peer bonus for the PE summit engagement
* Anne and I got to visit our first US NFL game - home game for the raiders! SO much fun!!!
* We hung out with Aurora and it was lovely :) She's so nice and friendly and awwww
* 🎉GIVING A CDS TALK IS OFF THE BUCKET LIST 🎉
* Recorded a series of awesome interviews for SEO mythbusters :)
