# 2019

## January

* Andre is now in Zurich!
* Nice birthday party for Holger and Anne. The tinfoil hat guy was weird, tho.
* Tried out Flutter. Quite nice to build mobile apps!
* Mom is sick :'(
* I got my interview training, yay!
* Anne and I kicked ass in Fallout :) I now have a mostly-complete power armour
* Figured out how to write a UPnP media server, yaaay!
* First time in NYC! I cycled thru the central park :)
* Wrote another blog post on the Google Webmaster blog, seems to be pretty popular :)

## February

* Met Carmen in AMS, had such a great talk!
* Stayed in one of the weirdest hotels ever... it was shoddy but had some nice details and friendly staff. WTF?
* Friends of Search was nice! Lovely people, great feedback. 
* c't webdev was great - met Tobi, Mirjam, Schepp and Estelle and so many new folks there!
* I started using the Kanban thing we've got at Google... that'll hopefully clear some brain space
* Had a calm and cuddly weekend. I need to remember to recharge enough!
* I got my bike, whoop whoop! I just need to find the tool to fasten the steering bar (?) properly
* FINALLY went swimming again and biked to the office, aww so good!
* The WTM did it again: a FANTASTIC event and Hidden Figures is such a wonderful film! We had over 90 people in the room :)
* Saw the final cuts for SEOJ and I LOVE EM!
* I just found out that I HAVE A CONFIRMED I/O TALK :O :O :O
* Marion turned 30 and had a nice celebration :)
* I casually biked with a Gbike from the office allll the way home after dark. So comfy!
* I RODE MY OWN BIKE FOR THE FIRST TIME! A few things need looking-at but overall it's a fantastic feeling \o/ \o/ \o/
* Bought a bike helmet :)
* Donna and Connie had a great time at the London office and Surma was a fantastic host! Got him a peer bonus :)
* Flaki is visiting <3
- Dornbirn was fun :)
- Holy shit, OEBB has a business class and it's fancy AF!
- Hung out with Jussi, was a good time :)
- Webmaster Labs session was a big hit!
- ERMAGERD the welcome video went for SEOJ out!!

## March

- I will take over the TL job for LH SEO audits :o
- Figured out that I can do a vacation with my mom & auntie next month <3
- We had a tremendously successful WebZueri meeting!
- Lovely game night with Tanya & David!
- I HAVE PRETTY NEW HAIR <3 <3 <3 
- Myriam and Augustin were visiting :)
- Shadowed the Noogler onboarding to facilitate it in the future!
- I got into a writing flow and it feels so good :)
- I fell from the bike again, this time while signalling my intended turn. Gah! :(
- Went to my first spinning class - it's hard but it's fun!
- Shopping tour with Anne, exhausting but successful! :D
- Really nice time meeting people in Munich. So many people were in my Technical SEO AMA!
- Amazing dinner w/ Anne, Aurora, Marion & Monika <3 <3 <3
- Lovely swim in the morning. I need to get back to 1x or 2x per week!
- Anna told me my videos perform pretty well :)
- OH MY GOD - I love the intro proposal for SEOMB!
- I got positive responses to the additional videos 
- Had a great time with old and new friends in Kyiv
- Vacation <3 Seychelles with Anne, a great trip! 
- We saw giant tortoises and pet some of them. so gentle! 
- Frag doch Google Video is out 
- I started my PADI OWD course 
- I had my first dive in the open water and it was mind blowing 
- I passed my certification for the open water diver!
- I saw a humphead, a lion fish, a Moray and a shark on my fifth dive
- I was quoted a few times in DeepCrawls Ultimate JavaScript SEO guide

## April

- Great time at SMX Munich. Jumped in for another speaker, too :)
- Ruedi was visiting - we had a lovely time and a few beers :D
- I started tracking my calories again
- Had a super slow day :/ And went over my calories budget :O
- I am a fucking idiot and had to rebook my flight back to ZRH...now I have a super tight connection and no home time :((
- First Googleversary
- I did my first training with Freeletics and it was great (but it does make you sweat and your body hurt)
- the flight between Montreal and Zurich was a circus as usual. Shouting kids, an inconsiderate dick in the seat in front of me (he spilled my coke by abruptly moving his seat upright during breakfast. FUCK YOU), loud adults...GAH
- airline lost my bag D:
- explored the beautiful Pisa with Madlaina - our hotel room had a view of the tower!
- TERRIBLE hotline experience with Lufthansa. It's a saga and I'm mad.
- Great evening with Madlaina, Philipp & Kennichi
- My bag has found its way to Pisa :D
- Amazing vacation with my mum and my aunt in Heiligenhafen. The weather is GORGEOUS
- Cycled 45km all the way across Fehmarnsundbruecke and to the Stukkamphuk lighthouse and back.
- Loved the week with my mum and aunt in Heiligenhafen! <3
- ANNE IS HERE <3 <3 <3 <3 We spend a fantastic evening (and I had an afternoon on top) with Axel & Nicole... miss them!
- Volker's wedding was nice, if a little disorganised. We learned the basics of Lindyhop :)
- Flying to Boston with Anne, spend the day at home with her. I LOVE THIS WOMAN SO MUCH
- Had a great day with Anne. Visited the office, the Bunker Hill monument, the USS constitution and watched Endgame in IMAX. <3

## May

- Got my perf :) "Exceeds expectations" and lots of LOVELY feedback <3 <3
- Anne and I went to a Red Sox game. It was really good! We saw two homeruns!
- I got me a Pixel 3 :) I like this one so far :D
- Good time at Next10X.
- The [SEOMB trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEEaq6F4Jio) was published, YAAAY!
- Flying business class to I/O, sooo comfy :D
- Really nice bike ride with John! Saw a baby skunk, geese with their ducklings and a snake :)
- Lizzi made me a super cute rainbow-haired chrome dino stitch!
- I/O was a BLAST! So many selfies, questions, chats and TWO TALKS! WHOOP!
- Rode along bay trail, so serene.
- LOVED my day off with Anne <3 <3 <3
- So much positive feedback from I/O
- Got enough sleep, had a productive day. Woo!
- I discovered the *nice* russian visa centre in Bern :D
- I am doing weight training again. So much nicer than the gymnastics shizzle.
- I AM DOWN TO DOUBLE DIGITS!
- Did an amazing 24km bike tour along the Sihl (Veloroute 94)
- Took the new bunny hat for a spin in St. Petersburg - works like a charm :D
- Met Vitaly again and he wants the Technical SEO talk for SPAs at SmashingConf and for Smashing TV :D
- Swam 1900m (38 laps)... so close to 40 laps!
- I was so ridiculously focused on Monday that I did 6pts within ca. 4h. I went home and had a fab afternoon and evening with Anne <3
- Back in Novi Sad <3 Lovely people! Hung out with Danilo and Milica, we went to Salasz 137 outside the city which was such a lovely place!
- Met a bunch of people at a dinner with Milica, Marko and Stefan after working from Kafeterija with Milica :)
- Tried to bike to Baden, but took a wrong turn. Was beautiful anyway.

## June

- Tried to bike to Baden again. Got the right turn, but then fell. Ouch. Grrr.
- Breakfast with Madlaina and Marion was really nice :)
- Flew to Athens. Business :) Way to start the "birthday week", eh?
- Forgot Laptop in plane, ugh. Got it back, all cool.
- Really nice place for dinner with Katerina. Had a chill evening (:
- Food in Athens hasn't swayed me so far.
- Lovely meetup with Angular Athens - won a bluetooth speaker in the pub quiz & made new friends :D
- My phone was stolen :C
- Great evening with Stavros
- Really nice afternoon with Katerina at the beach
- Hung out with Denise, Amanda, Adi and Cassie. It was amazing! I got cake and they sang happy birthday :)
- Lovely birthday dinner with a view of the Akropolis!
- My HolyJS talk was chosen as the best talk!
- I miss Anne and I'm sad.
- Great game day with Anne, Ana, Helka, Felipe & Jussi <3
- Got a free upgrade to business class with Swiss :D
- Went on a bike ride with Anne. Along the Sihl and it was great <3 <3 <3
- Contributed to WordPress for the first time :) Contributor day was fun!
- Met with Ola again after TWO YEARS :O Had such a lovely chat :)
- Digging into Web Authn - feels so good to do some bleeding edge stuff again
- Spend a fantastic Sunday with Anne <3 <3 <3
- Bought a mountain bike, assembled it and took it for a short ride around the block :)
- First boat ride of the season! Anne, Helka, Jussi and their friends - it was sooo good!

## July

- Soo much swimming :)
- Swam across the lake again; 50 min this time!
- Visiting the in-laws
- Amazing time at the rafting course :D <3
- Faced my fear of heights and even made it through half of the kids parcour :O
- Had two great dives with instructor Chris Schmidt at Zwenkauer See <3 51 & 32min, down to 10.5m in a dry suit.
- Enjoyed the warm weather by biking with Anne from home to Sihlpost to the dive shop, Sukkulentensammlung, Badi Mythenquai, swimming and biking back home.
- I did my drysuit diver course and it was so much fun! First time with my regulator & computer! I could enjoy myself and the fish and had my bouyancy under control.
- The doc cleared me for diving \o/
- Connie & Donna were visiting in ZRH and they loved it :) Such warm, wonderful people!
- MAREIKE AND BENNI GOT MARRIED <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
- Really lovely workshop in Nuernberg
- Terrible planning on my end. Coming back from Nuernberg, flying to India then going to Minsk. I feel tired. I want to be with Anne.

## August

- Nice event and great food in Bangalore, but caught a stomach bug :(
- Great event in Hyderabad
- Really happy to have been home with Anne for a bit. I LOVE HER SO MUCH <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 Every day, every hour, every minute without this woman is like torture!
- We watched Spiderman far from home and had a good night's fun :)
- Nice time in Minsk! Lots of good chit chat with Madlaina, Vitaly, Sascha, Milica
- Andre's girlfriend broke up with him
- Super awesome bike tour with Andre to Baden! I DID IT THIS TIME! We went 52km and 212m elevation :O
- Chemical Brothers concert WAS AWESOME! Holy shit!
- Quick boat trip with Lizzi & Josh. Nice and sunny :)
- Calvin Harris was a huge surprise. SUCH a great atmosphere and so much fun! Such a great concert!

## September

## November

## December
