# January
- a shark came really close while snorkeling
- snorkeling with Dolphins! We could hear them, too
- Did my AOWD with Mike and Kasia :)
- Diving with Mantas...so awesome. It's absolutely magic.
- Wreck diving was fun :)
- During a drift dive we saw eagle rays and a turtle tried to eat the camera :D
- Great game night with Tanya & Dave

# February
- Lovely evening with Paul in Amsterdam :)
- 3 confs in one week, uffff.
- Worst dive I had so far... new dry suit, new regulator (and a broken fini hose), new jacket. Not great.
- Amazing night dive at WZT. Such a cool dive site, Ruben is a great guide. Lovely!
- Cool dive at WZT during the day. Was good fun!
- Pranked Gary with a toy sofa from IKEA :D
- Had a great time at Fonduetauchen with TSK!

# March
- Really great trip to Blausee. Had two amazing dives and a lovely time with the group and my buddy Katja.
- Cancelling upcoming travel for a few events :(
- Ana is now a certified OWD and we are planning our dives together, whee!
- WFH and I am super unproductive :/
- Surprisingly, theory for the UW photography course was good 
- Adventurous first dive day with Anna! But we dived 15min! 
- working from home now. Hard to get used to it 
- more awesome diving with Ana at WZT

# April
- doing regular streams on Twitch now 
- got the Nitrox key for WZT and my own bottle! 
- we went diving in Vierwaldstaettersee, Wrack Bruno
- back to playing Diablo III
- performed magic on camera, bunch of kids loved it! 
- really lovely bike ride with Anne, went along the forest. 

# May
- awesome bike ride with Andre - Tuerlersee tour
- deep course and 50th dive
- so much video equipment 
- cozy time with Anne 
- my drysuit arrived, whee

# June
- eSummit was really great! 
- built a bookmarklet for rendered DOM
- Ire's scholarship is starting
- nice dive at WZT with lots of Egli
- riding my bike around town 
- chill birthday weekend
- super nice biking with Andre along the Sihl!
- video recordings, lots of recordings 
- nice Onely webinar around "Rendering SEO"
- Tried to bike to Katzensee. Got lost, hated the hills A LOT.
- got my hair done again 
- EOP course was great! 
- got a 7mm wetsuit 
- saw Oscar at Kleiner Parkplatz!
- Checked out the new Chez Nhan with Anne. Yum!
- Rescue diver was absolutely amazing, challenging, rewarding. LOVED IT.
- Video recording with Aurora was so much fun :)
- Got a chill dive with Miki at Grosser PP. Saw "Fritz" :D
- Great dives at Kleiner PP. Treasure chest, Oscar and looots of fish!
- People get excited about the virtual webmaster unconf. YAAY
- Cycled all the way to Zug. WAS AWESOME! Very tired and sunburnt afterwards, but it was great!

# July
- We tried Flower Burger at Sihlcity and by Odin, it's good!
- Nice swim at Mythenquai
- Very nice dive with Ana at Kleiner Parkplatz
- Chill dive at WZT with Susanne
- Chill afternoon at Badi Tiefenbrunnen
- Fun dive with Simon at Pumpwerk Rueschlikon - but vis was shite.
- Visited Stefan in Ravensburg. Nice day, had ice cream :)
- Great two dives with Ana - Sunntigstauchen at Riff Williams was nice and relaxing!
- Did have lunch with Monika by the lake (Rentenwiese). So good to hang out again :)
- Great ride to Greifensee, except it started to rain and I dropped my personal phone in the lake. Got it back, but might be dead :(
- Lunch with Jose - good to see him again <3
- Two lovely dives with Ana and Susanne - did a bunch of exercises and a few photos at WZT
- Ana and I wanted to join TSK Sunntigstauche but parking was full, so we went to Broder instead. Super relaxed dive and great pics!
- Return-to-office day. Very, very weird. Extremely weird.
- Super nice lunch swim with Andre
- Wonderful dive at WZT with Jan Kirchhof. Awesome buddy, was great fun! We met Ive and Ronny doing their DM course and hung out at the pop-up beach bar :)
- Lunch with Monika, then a long walk from the lake to the Voliere back to Schanzengraben, through old botanical garden and Sihlpost, dinner at Hiltl Sihlpost and then a cozy evening <3 <3 <3
- Super cool coffee chat at Schanzengraben with Gary. Holy shit, so much respect for this gentleman.
- Awesome two dives + pizza with Jan Kirchhof. Grosser Parkplatz, kleiner Parkplatz - great dives!
- Nice dive with Ana at Pumpwerk Rueschlikon. We didn't see any of the things we were looking for, tho LOL :D
- Holger visited us! We had a great time: Lots of swimming, trip to Pilatus and Luzern, biking along the Sihl, trip to Jungfrau, more swimming! Whee!

# August
- For dive #70 we visited Fritz with Ana, Susanne didn't feel like it, but we hung out and had a lovely evening!
- Biked to Baden, got into a rainstorm, took the train back, hahaha
- Biked to Katzensee. Google Maps wanted to route me through 25% elevation and, no. But I found a nice enough route :)
- Had a weird day, didn't drink enough and so a dive with Susanne didn't happen m(
- Amazing dive trip with Susanne to dive the Rhine from Rheinfall to Dachsen. Saw lots of catfish!!
- Good time with the in-laws and family :)
- Visited the Saalfelder Feengrotten. Beautiful place!
- Went diving with Andy Wolf - two great, chill dives with Tauchschiff.ch!
- Betty's left pedal broke :(
- Great dive with Ana at Riff Williams. We saw pikes, Trueschen, Egli, Sonnenbarsch and finally the stuff at the trunk!
- Diving with tauchschiff.ch again - Ana is such a great buddy! I did have a bit of venting trouble on the first dive and cut my suit on the second dive tho, d'oh!
- Bruno got my suit fixed within 3 days!! :O
- Fun dive with Jan Kirchhof at Pumpwerk Rueschlikon. We got lost in the beginning, but then it went well :)
- Super interesting clean up dives - we got so much stuff out! A tire, lots of champagne glasses, beer cans etc. wow!
- Jan took me to Alte Zollbruecke and we saw SO MANY HUGE CATFISH <3 <3 <3 The water was super clear and there wasn't much current, either.

# September
- Great diving with Ana again - Grosser Parkplatz ftw!
- Verzasca weekend with TSK! Holy shit these dives were amazing and spending time with the group was a lot of fun! SO MANY FISH!
- Lovely, cuddly mornings with Anne <3 <3 <3 <3
- Ordered new glasses, picked up the Hulk (bike) from service, bought corrected dive mask and biked along the Sihl <3 Great day!
- Marion is moving to Sardinia :(
- Cycled 100km around the lake!! Got lots of trophies and reached 1500km this year! It was awesome! 
- Limmat clean up dive with Scuba Frogs & Abfalltaucher. Gabriel and me found a barrel, license plates a big crayfish, a dildo and lots of stuff. Also saw a beaver! 
- Had a breakdown moment :(
- Got boxes for Ana, Susanne and me! Yay!
- Awesome night dive with Ana at Kleiner Parkplatz but some smarty pants took Ana's extra weights from the entry stairs...
- Found out who took them, they should be returned soon :)
- Clean up dive with Ana and then I was a "victim" for Ronny's DSD test at WZT =D
- Nice bike ride to Baden, super neat.
- Picked up my new glasses, wheee!
- Nice night dive with Susanne! Pikes, Egli, Sonnenbarsche and crayfish :)
- Fun Search and Recovery course with Sylvia, Johann and Steven. 100 dives!!!
- Great dive at Zugersee (Grafstatt) with Markus, Jan, Gabriel, Ana and Nikki. So many fishies! Quite a bit of deco tho :D
- Made a new dive buddy :) WZT was okay - I screwed up my navigation at the first attempt, but then it went smooth!

# October
- A little annoyed that I'm now chasing the payables team as well as Postfinance to get my salary >:(
- Lovely dive at Riff Williams with Jan Kirchhof... starting relaxed into the weekend. Great dinner with Anne at Chez Nhan, too!
- Tauchschiff with Annette! First dive at a wall, Annette didn't feel very comfortable, so we shallowed up quickly. Second dive (with a little wreck!) was great tho :)
- WZT dive with Annette - she used my 15l bottle and that worked really well! We toured along the chain, fished out some trash and watched Egli and Sonnenbarsche. Her dive #80! :D
- Super nice day in Vienna with Anne. We wandered through the Schoenbrunn park, grabbed dinner at Swing Kitchen and were warmly welcomed in the hotel <3
- What a wonderful day with Anne - checked out the Kunsthistorisches Museum and the Albertina <3
- Quarantine at home...
- Covid test, still chasing my September salary and the sheep are back!
- MC'd at React Summit
- Fell in love with Stardew Valley :D
- Loving the time with Anne <3 <3 <3
- Relaxed dives with Ana at Kleiner Parkplatz. First dive in the new wing and it's AWESOME :D We also saw mating crayfish and a common roach underwater, so that's cool!
- Met with Marion and Monika again and we had such a nice chat at the lakeside. Ahhh, I miss hanging out with them more often!
- Didn't get promo, but good really good perf feedback!
- Absolutely great dive with Jan Kirchhof at Ermitage. SO many crayfish and great vis!
- EFR course at SanArena was really cool!
- Awesome dive at Ermitage with Jan and Annette - lost a glove tho xD
- Disappointed by Ruth's husband being a shitty guide at Lediwracks :( Ana lost her weight pocket..
- Super nice dive at Zigeunerplaetzli with Annette - soo many pikes and Egli swarms :)
- Night dive with Ana, Annick, Niggi, Susanne and Patrick at Riff Williams!
- Night dive two! This time I did the briefing and guided - Niggi: "Souveraen und abgeklaert" <3 <3 <3

# November
- Navigation course with Susanne was great, but the instructor a little...tedious. The scuba sextant is AWESOME tho
- A lovely dive with Jan and Annette at Riff Williams - an hour with 24m max depth and Annette was guiding. Really relaxing dive!
- I passed the theory exam for the drivers license!

# December