# January 

- Lovely dive day with Annette and Jan. Riedsort is beautiful 
- Awesome dive with Annette, Jan and Susanne at Baumgärtli - pikes, Eglis and Trüschen! 
- Another neat dive at Baumgärtli with Susanne, Jan and Gabriel. We went shallow on the left-hand side and were rewarded with lots of pikes :)
- Nice day with Anne - drove to Halbinsel Au, walked around and enjoyed the mystic atmosphere there
- Dive day with Rene at Ermitage in the morning (lots of crayfish and great viz) and Sonja at Baumgärtli in the evening (SO many Trüschen and Nasen and a super curios, big pike)
- Great photo dive at WZT plus exercises. 
- Nice dive day at Baumgärtli! I got an amazing shot from one of the pikes :D
- Lovely shopping day with Anne <3
- Nice photo shoot and snow dive with Gabriel at Ermitage! 
- Ice diving is canceled but hey, great movie night with Jan and Annette 
- Chlausenegg dive whoop whoop! 
- Nice, chill dive with Katja at Ermitage. 
- Tricky snow drive with Anne, but hey - vegan is back at Subway!
- Absolutely fantastic trip to Halbinsel Au with Anne and Aurora!
- Nice double dive at Riff Williams with Annette. So many fishies :)
- Diving with Annette, Susanne and Jan. We had cake, even! Beautiful sunny day at Grafstatt :)
- Hung out for lunch with Monika and Gaurav <3
- Nothelferinstruktor course is chaotic and a bit disappointing, tbh.
- Great night dive at Kleiner Parkplatz with Annette
- Lovely dives at WZT with Annette and Jan, Andrea joined us, too!

# February
- Really nice night dive at Kleiner Parkplatz w/ Annette. We had Pizza afterwards and it's been so chill!
- Nice chat and dive at Kleiner Parkplatz w/ Jan. I did have a near-anxiety attack at 10m for some reason, tho. I think I was still stressed about the candidate interview before the dive :/
- Perfect night dive at Baumgärtli with Annette - so many fish and a pike came soo close 
- Survived the second course day for the NHK instructor. 
- Night dive at WZT - good viz, lots of fish, chill dive with Katja
- And a night dive with Katja at Terlinden - we saw a Brachsme!! 
- Nice night dive at Riff Williams. Lots of fishhhhh <3
- Got into two... situations... on my way back by Tram from Annette. First two kids acting up, then a weird guy wrangling a crying girl at the Siemens tram station.
- DONE with the NHK instructor! Wheee!
- The dive with Annette at Schoggiwand was SO good. Viz wasn't exactly great, but we had lots of fish and a chocolate smell :D
- Chill dive at Kleiner Parkplatz with Katja. Man, that was relaxing - and soo many baby fishies <3
- Ermitage dive with Annette had us meet two pikes!! 
- Lovely hike up the Uetliberg with Anne, Aurora and Ciaran 
- We saw the Lediwrack and took lots of pictures at Broder! 
- The drone had a "the front fell off" moment and the app sucks balls. Charging the controller for the next experiment...sonar seems to work tho!
- Nice dive at Schoggiwand with Katja, but backpain afterwards. And mosquito bite during the night, argh!
- Trip to Wildnispark, but it was closed. Couldn't get to Türlersee because road was blocked, so we headed to Leimbihof. Nice and sunny! 
- Nice dive in Baumgaertli with Sonja, was so refreshing.
- NHK was great, we had a great deal of fun while practicing. 
- Blausee weekend was awesome. Great dinner, two lovely dives, sunshine, whirlpool spa session and so much fun! 

# March
- Relaxed Riff Williams dive with Katja 
- Chill morning dive with Jan and Stefan at Baumgaertli
- Quick grab and go to Hiltl Sihlpost and then a ride to Naville-Gut with Anne, soaking in sunshine
- Got my first speeding ticket, yay? 2 km/h (well 5) too fast, 40 CHF. Sigh!
- DM Theory started - ahhhh! :D :D :D
- Benny told me that he thinks End of April / Beginning of May is the goal for the exam!
- Awesome day trip to Wildpark Langenberg with Aurora and Ciaran <3
- Bought a 10l cylinder, LOL
- Nice ride to pick up the cyclinders in Effretikon with Anne (:
- Chill night dive at Schoggiwand with Annette
- Divemaster day! Was fun, stormy tho. Met Kevin =) 
- Dive at Baumgärtli with Katja, Jan and Gabriel. We did the CMAS rescue exercise, interesting! 
- Ice dive weekend! I got certified and it's been quite a lot of fun, it was surprisingly warm (sweating in a drysuit, not great). But holy moly, so much logistics for so few dives :D
- Lovely lunchtime trip with Monika - took an electric car to Türlersee 
- Chill dive with Katja at Bocciaplatz. Viz was not great, but it was super chill. We went all the way to Kleiner Parkplatz and back!
- NHK was fun. Small group of 5, went well!
- Lovely trip to Walensee with a chill dive at Broder. First non-lesson highway ride with Susanne :D
- Great dive day with Ana. We did two dives at Rütenen with fantastic weather and good visibility
- Dive with Katja at Schoggiwand, bad vis but we found the deep boat, woohoo

# April
- First longer bike ride along the lake to WZT! Also passed the divemaster theory exam :D
- Quick dive at WZT with Annette. Vis wasn't too great but not too bad either. Found a new thing at 25m (a sign with Valentine's day greetings) and did a bunch of the skills for the DM
- Super nice ride to Mettau, awesome evening with Anne, Andrea and Jan! They love Tricky Towers :F
- Great dives at Lediwracks and Broder! What a great day! Jan's 100th dive, too =) 
- Two great dives at Rütenen with Annette and Jan. Trüsche and pikes ftw! 
- Two great dives at Brougierpark with Ana. We found everything and spent some good time in the water :)
- Hanging out with Marion and Monika!
- Adventurous dive with Annette at Kehlhof, Stäfa. We found the boat, but none of the other things. But: Three baby pikes and a few Egli, yay!
- Roadtrip to Turgi with Monika. Got to pet a cute kitty, too :D
- Seetag for the DM course at Schoggiwand. Far too much effort for the outcome, ugh.
- Diving with Ana at Betlis, Schiffstation. Mehh we didn't really find a wall, just a steeper slope and it's SO boring..
- Terlinden tour with Katja, we went towards Rapperswil. I was quite narced, but the wall is pretty and we found a santa figurine, a Kaulbarsch and a Trüsche. Also crayfish when we went back shallow and an Egli in the plants.
- Chill dives with Mark at Broder, even saw a baby Egli! 
- Lovely chill & grill with Filipe and Ana ❤️
- EFR with Zerrin, her first course! Then a lovely afternoon dive & dine with Jan! We foundet the association
- Nice trip with Anne and Aurora to Burgruine Stralegg, then we hiked the 15min to the waterfalls and back. Went to Unmeat and hung out at Aurora's.
- Relaxing dive at Schoggiwand with Ana :)
- Really loved the boardgames eve with Anne, Jan and Andrea =)
- Lovely dive day with Annette, Susanne and Jan at Lediwracks
- Awesome dive day with Ana at Brougierpark - we saw froggies!! 
- Dive with Annette, viele Kröten und ein wirklich schöner Tauchgang 

# May
- Clean up dive plus Dive Against Debris Certification with Annette in Haslisee
- PASSED MY DRIVING EXAM!!!
- Awesome dive at Rütenen with Ana. We saw Trüsche, toads (mating, too) and pikes! 
- Had a really nice chat with Katrin, but we agreed to not re-establish contact. She wants Florian to be involved and that is a breach of my boundaries.
- Amazing road trip with Anne and Aurora - we went to the Rhine gorge and had some pizza in the sun at Ermitage.
- Lovely dive day with Ana and Jan. I drove Jan's car to Brougierpark. Two dives, lots of Egli, a pike, a bunch of toads. Lovely food near the lake, loved it.
- Dive at Schoggiwand with Ana. Was really nice - visibility wasn't great but nice. Kinda mystic and eerie.
- Quick ride with Anne, grabbing some ice cream on the way - yummy! Then met Madlaina, so good to talk a bit again :)
- Amazing dive with Katja at Rheinau. A catfish became our friend, came really close and followed us around * o *
- Played Portal 2 with Anne <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
- Assisted at a Rescue course with Niggi. I was the lost dive buddy, hanging out at 7m for 35 minutes. Panicked diver, unresponsive diver (exercise No. 7), good fun but now I'm groggy.
- Drove to Aarau and gave CPR & AED essentials training to Rosa and Eduardo. Was great!
- Diving Grosser Parkplatz again with Ana! Whoop whoop! No fish, quite some current, OK vis and the penis is still there :D
- Drove to Bern, then diving with Gabriel. Happy victim playing. 
- Sidemountkurs. My hands hurt, but it's been great fun! 
- Lazy day with Anne, love her so much!! <3 <3 <3
- Dive with Gabriel. Exercise dives are well and good, but I wanna do a fun dive for a change. 
- Hanging out with Aurora and Anne at the laaaaake <3
- Lovely dive with Jan. Tried out the Sony and phew, this is a totally different game! Ana had an accident and didn't make it to the dive site today :O
- Oh my, the DLD was hard work but went well after all :)
- Skills session was really, really tough. Nearly drowned when my mouthpiece came off :O But mostly 3's and 4's in the skills. Need more practice!

# June
- Repeated the skill session, things are slowly getting better...
- So-so dive at Rheinau. Forgot my mask, my replacement wasn't working either, Katja's replacement fogged up, viz was not great and current was strong, but we had a fun time nonetheless!
- Sigh! Got another speeding ticket. 
- Visited Monika and Gaurav in their beautiful new home! Then diving Grosser PP with Katja 
- Skills practice with Mark. Nice to repeat the hard skills again
- Fun dive for my 250th dive at Zigeunerplätzli! 
- Practice dive with Gabriel at Grosser PP. Fastest time - 30min :D
- First time back swimming. 400m chest in 11:21 :/
- Skills drill in the pool
- Super awesome chill hangout with Aurora at Letzibadi <3
- 11:07 for 400m
- Finished the fucking swim test (10:26!), equipment swap, skills again 
- Coffee with Gary by the Schanzengraben
- Really nice dive with Jan, Gabriel and Olivia at Grafstatt. Sunshine was a lovely bonus!
- Diving at Kleiner PP with Ana. We went to the treasure chest :)
- Training one more time with Gabriel. In a wetsuit, brrrr.
- Passed the DM skills exam, whee! But honestly: Super chaotic, not super happy.
- First OWD course. OMG that was hard. But satisfying to see happy students, despite less-than-great conditions in Moesli.
- Nice meeting Gary & John for coffee in Zug.
- Virtual Unconference went well, room for improvement but hey :D
- Fun dive with so many fish at WZT. 
- Diving Halbinsel Au and then found the deep boat at Schoggiwand 
- NHK was fun, we went outside. Then Halbinsel Au with Jqn
- DSD was great! I did get the car scratched tho gahhh
- Yaay, chill dive with Ana at Kleiner PP. Finally getting a hang of the Sony camera!
- Had an amazing time during a ReActivate course with Manu Stübi. This course is great to do as a DM.
- Lovely dive evening with Annette - took the cam to Grosser Parkplatz, even though the viz wasn't too great.

# July 

- Equipment Specialist was worth the time! 
- Road trip! It turns out that I can drive a big camper 
- Lovely dives at Boudry Plage 
- Love Serrieres dive site Marlboro. Bunch of stuff to see 
- Weather says no for Lake Thun. New plan: Quarries 
- Le Duzillet is an absolute stunner 
- Lac du Rosel isn't bad, but the parcour is so chaotic 
- Self-reliant course with Jan and Simone was fantastic! 
- Lovely weekend with Anne ❤️
- Super chill SM dive with Ana at Zigeunerplaetzli!
- First solo dive at WZT. Took a reel and measured distances today.
- More measurements :D
- Sidemount exercise dive with Ana at Baumgärtli
- After a bit of stress with Hertz we took Annette's car.
- Really nice road trip to the in-laws.
- Fun week in Wildenboerten :)

# August

- Chill dive back home with Anne <3
- Diving with Katja at Schoggiwand. Missed the deep boat, but found a Trüsche and a pike at the pipe.
- Practice dive with SM kit with Ana and Katja at kleiner Parkplatz. Saying hi to Oskar.
- Not super convinced by the ID.3..
- Tesla Model 3 was great. We might buy one.
- Dive at Pumpwerk with Jan. Found the tree and the mirror...and used the O'Dive for the first time.
- Dive at WZT with Ana - my map is useful...
- Lovely dive weekend at Fernsteinsee with Annette. Awesome pictures 
- Crashed a Mobility, yikes. Bought a Tesla rho
- Nice dive with Ana at Chlausenegg. First round with the new senders, SM mode is great! 
- In-laws visiting 

# September 

- Vienna trip with Anne 
- EFR with Ana and Filipe
- Tesla, ahhh! My first new car! 
- Dive 300 with Ana and Gabriel at Kleiner Parkplatz
- Really nice dive at Terlinden with Ana and Gabriel, hanging out with Gabriel as well 


