# January

- Neat first dive at Bauschänzli. But no current? My ass - quite some current today :D Found bikes, scooters, etc.
- Dry suit course DM'ing for Maik. Three nice students, surprisingly nice viz at WZT
- 3D printed a hose clip (but for the wrong boltsnaps...Mares...) and a little case for the ESP32 (but forgot that Micro-USB plugs are bigger than their snout) and Anne designed and printed a cutting board rack. That's some cool shit!
- A bunch of nice apartments are showing up on the market. Keeping fingers crosssseeeddd!
- Got the display and the ESP32 as well as the Arduino to work together quite nicely :)
- We got the new apartment 🥳🥳🥳
- I got a flu-ish cold :(
- Did the DAD webinar and Annick told me that they'll figure out how to make me a DAD SPE once I got my IDC...yaay!
- The big purge is happening. Feels good to throw all that shit away :D
- Booked Advanced Nitrox + Helitrox with Tom in March. And ice divinnnnggggg
- Contract arrived and we had a really nice DSD. 
- Got a drone, tried it at Ermitage. Fun! 
- Dive at Ermitage, could have been nicer, I tried the D10 and trim was real bad. 
- Solo dive at Ermitage + drone footage + timelapse - fun stuff and saw lots of crayfish, the chalk wall and awww
- Neat dive with Matthias at Broder
- What a day at Zigeunerplätzli... first Sergio forgot his undergarments and then Katja had a hole in her wrist seal :( But Ana and I had a lovely dive there
- Super great road trip to Vevey. Annette had her measurements re-taken for the SFTech suit, I got my SM short hose reg fixed, we dove at Quai de Vevey which was great... lots of chit chat, too!
- Fun dive day at Rorschach HB with Annette, Emily, Susanne and Jan! Great dive site, we'll be back!
- Lunchtime dive at Zollbrücke with Sonja, then a night dive at Ermitage with Annette. Annette didn't like the dive much, but I had a good time.
- Coffee with Monika (Bao is apparently in puberty now, oh my!) and game night with Aurora and Ciaran - Jasssssssssing the night away!
- Lovely DSD with Jussi and Helka. Helka didn't seem too excited about it, Jussi thorougly enjoyed it tho!
- my YouTube channel is gaining traction, yay! 
- Great dive with Sergio at Riedsort. Crashed the drone into the water, oh noo...
- Chaotic, draining, stressful handover for the new flat. But I really look forward to moving here!
- Quiet, reviving, cuddly day with Anne :3
- Neat Reactivate while Matthias did a Junior OWD. Dad and son had funsies!
- Fondue and nice night dive with Annette at Brougierpark - so knackered tho!
- Starting to pack things up... aahhhhhh
- Move needs push back. Tuesday it will be. 
- All. The. Furniture. Shopping. Oof! 
- nice dive at Grosser PP with Ana, Susanne and Jan 
- Painter is here, woo!
- ALL THE FURNITURE SHOPPING
- Diving with Daniel Wenz at Brougierpark
- Two dives with Susanne at Ruetenen. The shallow route is nice. Need more mask replace practice!
- BOXING THINGS UP - AHHHHH

# February

- MOVING DAY went pretty smooth
- Busy busy busyyyy - old flat empty, new flat starts to feel like a home
- So much furniture shopping......
- Old flat empty, minus garbage.
- Our new home is mostly done downstairs - it's so nice and cozy <3
- Great DSD with two people and a lovely dive with Jan plus dinner with Annette and Jan!
- I hit my head while taking out the sofa. It wouldn't go down without a fight, I guess.
- More than 50 ppl who want to view the old apartment within an hour, geez
- Drove to Konstanz with Anne, finished the final two lamps, installed Anne's massage chair and the dining table + the first shelf upstais. Woohoo!
- So many ppl showed up to the first viewing!!
- Neat night dive with lots of fish at WZT with Annette. We had to repair the stairs as the storm broke the lowest platform.
- First steps made in the office - desk, shelf and computer are set up. Drone is dead :( But the first viewing had like 30 ppl show up, wow!
- Awesome day with Annick and Martin W. at Rorschach HB. TSK Sidemount promo shooting was a ton of fun. Meeting Jan at Dunnstigstauchen and nice dive at Riff Williams.
- We got a new tenant and I shot a drone flight with Filipe hahaha
- Thanks to Lizzi TIL that there's fear of birds. Evening was a so-so dive at Baumgärtli with Annette, but nice chatting!
- Nice day with Anne, then b-day dinner with Annette, Jan, Anne and Floris. Sushiii
- SPEI with Annick for Equipment Specialist, good fun!
- Ughhh the dude for the parkett was here. Ugh. Also tricky DLD with a drysuit newbie. Viz surprisingly bad at Baumgaertli.
- Lovely dive at Halbinsel Au with Annette.
- Good Dunnstigstauchen at Brougierpark
- Neat day with Anne and Annette in Konstanz :)
- Lovely Saturday with Anne <3
- Aborted dive at WZT with Annette and Mark. Mark was bubbling everywhere in his D12.
- Solo dive at WZT, so so so goood
- Old apartment handover went smooth and nice. Wheee!!
- Dive with Ana at Grosser Parkplatz - didn't find the gnomes, had equipment troubles. Short-hose reg is fucked.
- NHK was a bit tedious this time. Weird group.
- We got our dining chairs!!!
- Lovely road trip with Ana - went to Plongee, got my SFTech, went diving at Quai de Vevey...saw a school of big, pretty fish!
- EFR went okay, didn't have much sleep, ugh. But did a lovely dive with Annette at Ermitage! SO MANY FISH!!
- Drove to Vienna, went really smooth! Charged for ~80 CHF, 2x40ish minutes, nice!

# March

- Getting back into work vibes, phew.
- Not going for promo. Just doesn't make sense this cycle.
- Great trip to Vienna. Driving was so smooth that I drove all the way back 
- OWD was a mixed bag, but good experience anyway. 
- Vevey is just so pretty.. 
- Theory with Tom was fantastic, learned so much! 
- First dive went okay! "Well executed" said Tom. 
- Helitrox DONE! SUCCESS! Tom liked the dive, great times were had. Daniel is a great guy and a great buddy as well.
- IDC prep is quite slow and a bit boring for the larger part. But the random details that you get on the side are great!
- IDC prep in pool was great. I'm not doing tooo bad :D
- Regulator service course was an interesting experience - I learned a TON!
- Great evening with Annette and Jan at Stage Diving Dive Point :)
- Wörk wörk wörk back in the office!
- Ice diving Lac Lioson with Annette and Ana was lovely, got a few great pics from that :)
- Meeting with Lily Ray in Zurich for a coffee, nice
- Throwing out a ton of garbage again, slowly things clear up in the new flat :)
- New work macbook...transfering data takes aaages tho
- The sound-absorbing curtains make a huge difference, woo! I bought too many of them tho, lol
- FUCKING HELL that cursed dive... a few minutes after descending, the camera housing flooded. FUCK.
- Sound-absorbing curtains. They rock.
- Great DSD with Sarah and two customers followed by a neat drysuit course with Barbara. 
- New macbook still a pain in the ass 
- HUET for two days, great time! 
- Dive with the GUE guy... Mixed bag 
- Podcast recording with Jan escalated as usual 
- Great Thursday dive with Nik and Karlos at Brougierpark.

# April

- Evening Reactivate with Nadine went well :) We have snow now...
- Great weekend with Anne <3
- Smooth trip to Germany. Two quick charge stops and we got to our destination :)
- Calm couple of days in Germany, good podcast recording followed by Unconf Japan - all smooth. Good ride home as well!
- Phew, theory weekend was harsh but good, learned a bunch.
- Fun day in the office, got SO much done and met with Pascal <3
- Photo shooting for Smedix with Jan was a lot of fun, so cool!
- Lovely dive at Riedsort with Annette, Jan and Boris.
- We started with pool. That went very well, all 5s except taking off the scuba unit, that was a 4.
- First Open Water day was HARSH but worked well.
- Theory sunday, phewwww
- Great sunny day with a lovely dive for the altitude speciality instructor cert :)
- Four long days of IDC, oooof that was hard work. Starting to feel like getting the hang of it!
- DSD was great fun, 15yo customer, totally natural talent!
- Dry specialty, navigation specialty and deep specialty. Whew! Great to be back in Sidemount finally!
- Nice evening dive at WZT with Annette. I really need to find my short inflator hose again...gah! But trim was decent.
- NIGHT DIVE SPECIALTY INSTRUCTOR DONE! What an amazing dive that was - pikes, sticklebacks, roaches and perches... AND AN EEL AT THE END <3
- Great dive at Brougierpark with Ana - we went deep, but the spectacle was around 5m: SO many pikes, toads... awww <3 Eglis at 43m, too.

# May

- IDC IS DONE!!!!! We worked our asses off at the pool and the lake, including the dreaded Rescue No. 7...
- Lovely sunny day out with Anne. We cleaned the car and then went to grab Unmeat but they're closed, LOL. Coop shopping done, too.
- Great day in the office and then off to London
- Had a BLAST at London SEO Meetup XL. They had a stormtrooper costume. OF COURSE I wore that :D
- Great Friday with Anne. Lots of cuddling and UNMEAT food :)
- HOLY SHIT! Passed the first day of the IE with flying colours... now tomorrow needs to go well and I'll be a PADI OWSI :O
- FUCKING HELL WHAT, I AM A PADI OWSI! I passed with 5.0! Annette and Susanne came to Steckborn with gifts and cake and tiramisu and we went diving in Rheinau and AWWWW <3
- AWWW YISSS I found the wedding ring that I set out to recover at Fischstube at Zurichhorn. Woohooo!
- Fantastic day with podcast recording and a really nice dive with Jan, awww yisss!
- Evening at the movies with Anne, Annette and Susanne - Dr. Strange was great :)
- Lovely anniversary day with Anne. Lots of love and we went to check out the castle ruins!
- Great dive day! First DSD with Annette and then a fantastic 82 minute dive with Ana, Annette, Jan and Sergio at Baumgaertli. ALL the eglis, lots of pikes, baby Trueschen, baby crayfish and BABY PUMPKINSEED!!! Soo cute!
- Cooking with the team was so much fun. Less fun was that I went to Baumgaertli, only to find out that I forgot my mask. Sigh!
- Great dive with Sergio at Riedsort. Saw a bunch of fish, too.
- Smashing pool day with Michaela - hopefully, we'll get to do the Open Water dives together, too!
- I had the huge honor to be the instructor for the first pool day of a father son team. The boy is 10 and it has been AMAZING to see him change from worried and uncomfortable to a confident, happy diver in just two dives!!!
- Berlin was sooo meh.
- Quite a rough "DSD" with a 10yo boy. Was fun tho, but more like a bubblemaker than anything else. Forgot my gear at TSK, so I joined Annette and Jan in Brougierpark but didn't go into the water...
- Great day in Ravensburg with Stefan. We drove to Meersburg and had a nice lunch there. Then WZT with Annette. Great viz, SO MANY FISHES!
- Super neat 2nd pool day with the father+son dream team. They are soo sweet and doing so well!
- Baumgaertli. Witnessed an accident and helped the OWD student in trouble, got the ambulance etc. Then a somewhat bumpy DSD in the lake followed by a really chill photo dive with Annette.
- I ordered a GoPro 10. I'm stupid, but I don't regret it.
- AMAZING open water day 1 with Michaela. She's doing really well in the drysuit and we saw so many fishies and got OW 1, 2 and 3 done!!! Lost my pen at WZT tho.. ugh.

# June

- Great GUE Fundamentals with Sebastian, Annette and Emily. So much fun, REC pass :)
- Flying to London. I'd rather spend my birthday at home, tbh. None of my coworkers noticed that it's my bday, oh well.
- Great first Search Central Meetup in London! Went really well, was good fun! 
- Both recording days for SEO Fairytales went reasonably well. I'm zapped, but it was worth it!
- Amazing day at home with Anne, Ana and Filipe
- Anne's tattoo artist has Covid :( We're staying home...
- Got the O2 back, went diving in WZT. Solo dive with camera <3 So many pikes!
- AOWD at Baumgaertli with Valentin. Deep and DSMB, was great fun! Saw a ton of pikes :)
- Driving to Fernsteinsee. SO HOT!
- Awesome dives at Samaranger See and Fernsteinsee. Entrance 1 at Fernsteinsee is quite boring, tho.
- Great dive at Fernsteinsee entrance 2. Trouts!!
- Flooded my suit a bit on the second Samaranger See attempt. Oh well. Roadtrip back was good :)
- Michi didn't feel well on Monday, so I went and had two dives instead: Grosser Parkplatz solo and WZT with Annette. Was lovely - so many pikes!!
- Met Aurora and Ciaran in the office, wheee! Then went and hung out with the crayfish at Terlinden. So good!
- Had a great AOWD with deep and DAD at Baumgaertli with Christian Mohr. A huge thunderstorm ripped through, tho, so we could not do the night dive
- Two DLD dives at WZT in pouring rain with Will McCaul and Annette. Was good :)
- Bubblemaker with three kids. The two older ones loved it, the young one didn't wanna go down. Afterwards Annette and I saw Patroullie Suisse at Zugersee and went diving at Zigeunerplaetzli
- OWD with the 16yo boy. We finished the pool dives. A bit slow but fun :) Great diver in the making!
- AMAZING eve with Aurora and Ciaran - we played Drawful and Earwax, laughed our asses off and they told me they wanna do a DSD!
- Gilbert has now also finished the lake dives, well done! We did an extra photo & fish dive :)
- EFR with a very smart girl, we only had to do the practical part, it went great! Another first responder out there!
- Filipe got his red Tesla <3
- Easy and relaxing dive at Riff Williams. Not great, but lovely nonetheless. Picked up stuff in Konstanz, too

# July 

- Great 2nd pool day with Kaspar. Did Confined No. 5 at WZT, super fun!
- Met Stefan, a potential new dive buddy and EOP student of mine.
- Amazing evening with Ana, Anne and Filipe. Had awesome soft tacos and played this hilarious game "Chili Mafia". So good to spend time together!
- OWD with the family was harder than anticipated, but we got them to pass. Super grateful for Annette and Sarah!
- Really lovely day with Jan. So much to catch up on!
- Great DSD with a mum and her two teenie kids. Good fun!
- DSMB and Self-reliant specialty instructor, woo! DSMB was a lot more fun than anticipated :D
- Sweet diving with Susanne, Jan and Annette!
- Went to Konstanz with Annette, then went to the movies with Anne, Annette, Jan, Andreja and Susanne - so much fun :D
- Drysuit course with Nadia and Fabian, went alright but took aaages :o
- Relaxing sunday with Anne <3 <3 <3 We laid down on the terrace and enjoyed the sun :)
- Sweet dive at Baumgaertli with Sonja, then got more plants from Bauhaus with Anne. I love her sooo much <3 <3 <3
- Caught up with Moni and Bao :)
- Coffee with Aleksej and his son. So nice to see them again :3
- New York, New York! So good to catch up with Jamie and Bartosz!
- Good practice dive at WZT with Annette - she picked me up from the airport, whee!
- Workbench is ready for regulator revisions, awww yiss
- MICHI DID HER OWD AND DRY!!! Wheeee! Bootsrampe was so-so, viz-wise.
- Cool group at Sunday Dive, we went to Rütenen and had a great time there
- OWD Power course. Great group, lots of fun.
- Thursday dive with so many people, whoop whoop! Great dive at Baumgärtli with a couple for a DLD.
- All new OWDs! 5 of 6 got their OWD, Daniela will finish soon, too.
- Great night dive at Bootsrampe with Christian. We saw a catfish!!
- DSD was good, one dude didn't show up but the other two were fab! Ana and I went deep at Strick afterwards and it was soo relaxing and nice!
- I got my first OWD request through TMS!
- The boat day with Kaspar was AMAZING. Such a nice day on the lake. Dived Kleiner PP and Halbinsel Au (shallow, tho).
- Failed regulator revision, ugh. But Annette cleaned up the basement for me :)
- Hanging out with Monika at EURA1, so nice to talk a bit.
- AOWD night dive with Annette Ebner and Simone. Great time with the students, pike at Grosser PP.
- Used the Bresser 3D printer and it's pretty good. Got me a GoPro UW weight mount in no time...
- Thursday diving didn't happen thanks to thunderstorms rolling over Zurich.
- Finished most reg revisions, but we need ANOTHER tool for the XTX200 :D

# August

- Super lovely two dives at Baumgaertli with Annette and Jan. Sidemount with stage, went damn well. Was super nice to be in the water again <3
- Relaxed road trip to the in-laws, was good fun! Hanging out with the family was lovely :)
- Shell shocked from visiting my parents. It's a disaster. I think Wohnpark is gonna be the way forward.
- So damn happy to be back home!
- Got sick :((((( I want back in the water :'(
- So good to be back in the waterrrrrr! Two lovely DLDs. Foto tryout with Andy has been lovely in particular!
- EFR was good fun. Followed by diving with Jan, Annette and Andy. Riff Williams was pretty good.
- Lovely DSD with Mislav including a WZT open water round :)