# January

- Good first dive in Limmat. Vis was so-so, very little current.
- Solo night dive at Baumgaertli was fantastic. So many fishies!!
- Nice day trip with Susanne. Diving Rorschach Bootsrampe, food at Hans im Glueck and picked up uwfun orders.
- Long drive and stressful day but we got to Budapest. Annette's luggage didn't. FUCK.
- Lovely bit of sightseeing in Budapest :)
- FIRST CAVE DIVES - absolutely mind-blowing, so much fun. This was awesome, truly awesome.
- Mine diving day - super cool and interesting, but really challenging and you feel that you get close to your limits. But super fun and pretty.
- Long drive home, but all good. Annette drove Scotty for the first time.
- Back home, took Mika home. Such a cutie pie. Aurora didn't have a good day tho :(
- Nice dive at Zollbruecke Rheinau. Tiny bit of current, reasonable vis and I saw a catfish! I wanted to practice and do a weight check but I really, really needed a restroom at the end. Dang!
- Early morning deco dive at Terlinden. So refreshing - but not exactly relaxing. Black water descent and missed the wall, ended up in the "blue" and had to swim to the wall. No biggie but meh :D The figurines are super creepy, I noticed. Geez!
- Nice lunch with Jan, filling with Flex and then an amazing dive at Ueberlingen Parkhaus Post with Katja!
- Tricky drysuit course.
- Nice sunday dive at Ruetenen. Harsh conditions tho.
- Nice, if snowy, dive in Boudry Plage. FAT eglis, the big catfish is still within Bruce. Right glove flooded tho, ugh.
- Fuck it, I'm buying two 80cuft stages.
- Really nice couch day with Anne. We binged Wednesday on Netflix :D
- Lovely dive with Daniel at Terlinden. Vis was pretty bad until ~30m.
- Terrible shitshow in my inbox. No dive but chill evening with Annette and Jan.
- OWD was a breeze, two nice dives at Riedsort. Annette stopped by :)
- Cuddling with Anne. A lot. Still so angry at the shitshow.
- We put up the shelves, lovely stuff! TSK AB has been interesting.
- Twitch felt good, but I'm still somewhat broken from all this shit. Lovely Dunnstigstauchen tho <3
- A lot of trash-taking-out and shuffling around today. Brought stuff back to TSK, picked up Annette, off to Duesseldorf!
- Easy ride, AMAZING day at Boot. Met Anja from tauchen2go, Sebastian and Joana, Harald, lovely folks from Divesoft, amazing peeps at aquamed, great chat with NRC, fun chat with Franz, and a lovely GUE dinner.
- Lovely half-day at boot, half a day of going home. So happy to see Holger :)
- I realise how much I miss couple time with Anne right now. I definitely need to make schedule changes, so Anne and I get more time for us.

# February

- Holger is visiting!! So nice - I keep my fingers crossed that he moves to CH. We had nice dinner at Gebeta and lunch at Thai Playa. It was so lovely to have him here!
- Super popular episode 9 of Dekozeit. So many people gave positive feedback to this! More people listen to the podcast than we anticipated :D
- Great day diving at Rorschach with Wiktor and then a fun Thursday night dive at Brougierpark! I love this a lot!
- AOWD + Dry going swell! Fun weekend <3
- Self-reliant with Roger at Brougierpark was so nice and so much fun!!
- Feeling dreadful. Fucking hell, I can't take this stuff much longer.
- Super schoener Tag auf dem Sofa mit Anne <3 <3 <3
- It's confirmed, firing blanks now! Whoop whoop!
- Nice, scenic trip to Alpenhotel Ammerwald :) Plansee is beautiful - super nice evening in the hotel, looking forward to ice diving
- What a great day on the ice! So nice and warm, ice was a bit thin so :D I'm an ice diving instructor now, whoop whoop!
- Second day on the ice - sunshine, even!! So lovely :)
- DLD with Felice. Fun dive at WZT, did LH OOG drills.
- What a fucking great Superbowl that has been!!! So nice to spend the evening with Anne <3
- AMAZING concert with Arion and Dreamtheater - lovely date night with Anne
- Gasblender was fun, great dive at Wrack Bruno, too
- Lovely day with Anne, great eve with Jussi and Helka. So much food and fun and games <3
- Lovely downtime with Anne throughout the day, great Unconf in the afternoon and neat chat with Aurora in the evening.
- Drysuit course was BIG and a bit tricky with some of the students, but overall good fun.
- Drysuit completion dive at Rorschach. Went well, could've been longer but hey, diving is diving.
- I forgot that I resent flying now. Ughhhhhhhh I wanna go home to Anne :(
- Boooooooriiiiiing. Boring. Boring boring boring. But! That allows me to recharge and think about things. 
- Blessed day with Anne. We cuddled, we played video games and a new boardgame and had the best day together <3
- And another blessed day with Anne - good fun with Ant Man in cinema and lots of love :)
- All good things come in threes - went to Konstanz together and had a damn good time, movie evening, awww :3
- Relaxed dive at Schoggiwand with Hitower, followed by nice night dive with Caroline & Voijin.
- Deep dive #1 with the group, was nice. Viz at Grosser PP was reasonably bad :D
- Good day at work, met with Moira, then a quiet eve with Anne <3 <3 <3 

# March

- Good dive at Brougierpark, good chat with Susanne :)
- Good 2nd dive for the deep course. Riedsort had beautiful viz. 
- SFTech heated undergarment is a winner, gloves...not sure. Flooded myself thru the neck seal before I really started the dive. 
- Liberty test dive was great... hmmmmm.
- Deep TG #3 was good, Terlinden...we saw the top of the wall for a short moment, LOL!
- Jill Heinerth answered my email :O
- Hello, Sao Paulo. Ufff.
- Amazing dinner with Marco-Tulio at Piccoli Cuchina <3
- SCL Sao Paulo is in the books! Woohoo!
- Medical emergency with emergency landing in Dakar. Still got home on the same day!
- Such a lovely day with Anne <3
- Great dive at Friedberger Baggersee - so many fishies!
- Good first day at SMX. Too tired for the party, tho
- Second day was lovely, trip home felt long tho x)
- Yeah, no, the SF2 is a hard pass for me. Nah. But lovely afternoon with Anne <3
- Lovely morning and lots got done with Anne before picking Annette up at the airport!
- Neat dive in Rorschach but my shoes got stolen?! And my box??? And my SFTech drysuit bag and my MTX bag. WTF?
- First dive with Michi's new gear at Wrack Bruno. So nice, fab weather, loved it!
- Oof, I bought the Liberty.
- Lovely night dive at Riedsort with Emily and Moira. Viz was not great, but good enough and SO MUCH FISH!
- Great dive at WZT with Gabriel. Vis was shite, but we did some skill training and then had a lovely dive. So many burbots!
- Neat Lediwracks dive with Daniel Wenz. I fucked up my 3m stop, though. Gahhhh.
- Super fun Self-Reliant with Daniel! Bit rainy, but whatever!
- Slightly chaotic DSD but so much fun. Sophie, a 10yo natural talent for diving!
- Hilarious first day of Sidemount course with Jan <3
- Super nice end of the sidemount course with Jan. Good day diving (:
- Lediwracks in the waves. Great end of the deep course With Daniel, Daniel and Wiktor :) Jannik got sick =(

# April

- So nice to meet Stefan again and teach his wife to dive in a drysuit! Annette And Daniel came by, too! 
- DZ recording in the office was nice but failed :D
- Neat morning dive at Lediwracks with Gregor, then a lovely trip to Wildnispark with Anne, Aurora and Daniel <3 
- Jura was a blast. Super nice dive, except for my dead GoPro battery :(
- Tank & valve prep was harsh.
- Tanks are now at SSC, now we wait...
- Aurora's bday gathering was nice, but soo loud :/
- Lazy day with Anne. Gloomhaven was a blast - we helped Jekserah to overturn the city guard, mwahaha
- Thursday dive with Daniel Griza at Brougierpark. Was ok.
- OWD pool day was great, big respect for one of the students who fights childhood trauma here. Lake day was a bit of a disaster, but hey...
- Adam Touring fucked up BIG TIME. I'm leaving them for good.
- Nice dive day (if a bit chaotic) with Susanne. We could see the smoke from the Boegg from Ermitage.
- Chill work day, we did more of the valves.
- I GOT THE ELITE50 AWARD FROM PADI <3 <3 <3 <3 HOLY SHITTTTT
- Annette's cave buddy is.... special. Ooof.
- Vanessa aced her pool day!
- Great final deep dive with Jannik at Lediwracks. Super chill, good food afterwards!
- Fun OWD with a super chill group of students in the pool. We even did a stress dive :D :D :D
- Streamed with Dave, such a fun liveshow!
- Lovely deco dive at Lediwracks with Emily
- Bit tricky drysuit group but we got it working out.

# May

- Presenting at LondonSEO Meetup XL... this time as Darth Vader :D
- Studio recording time, whoop whoop!
- BBQ & crew meeting at TSK. Mh.
- Lovely OWD lake days with the cool group at Brougierpark. Frogs, Pike and funnn
- Salamander theory evening. Got this device is so simple and tiny and niiiice!
- GLOOMHAVEN WITH ANNE, FUCK YEAH
- Nitrox course with Vanessa and a nice couple.
- Trip to Rapallo. Mares is a bit underwhelming, except for Sergio. That guy, wow!
- Amazing dive at Rapallo, gotta come back here!
- We bough ebikes. Tested them in Schlieren, Anne loves hers, I love mine!
- Salamanderrrrrrrrr - first pool session. Setup is so quick and simple, dives like a breeze. Wow!
- Nice dive with Annette
- Laura finished her OWD & Dry. Whoop whoop! Was a breeze - WZT was kind to us with good viz.
- MB Summit Milano was stupid. Not going to do that again, ugh.
- Navi with Felice was a lot of fun. He now knows Schoggiwand inside out :D
- Used the free day to dive with Jan, Felice, Laura and Michael. Ermitage was cloudy, valve o-ring blew before we went to Schoggiwand. Good day nonetheless.
- Salamander dive 2. Full assembly, prep, dive, disassembly & disinfect. Theory exam passed! Lovin' this. It finally clicked how to dive this baby.
- OWD start with Ulrika. Pool days went well. Lovely evening with Emilija, her boyfriend and her friend. Gumbo at Oberer Letten is nice!
- We decided to upgrade to dry. Enjoying great viz at WZT!
- Annette hung out with us and even went divign with us at WZT - SUCH a good time!
- We added Nitrox on top for Ulrika :D
- Hanging out with Ulrika was great - I'm gonna miss this!

# June

- Salamander dive #3 in the pool. NOW with MY Salamander. I love it. It felt like I've never been diving anything else. So quiet, too!
- Roellin did a great job changing tires. I'll need new winter tires, tho.
- Navi with Markus. I fucked up so much. No fins, no mask, no drysuit. DMT Lars was awesome, tho. Afterwards, evening dive with Julia, Annick, Doro and Roman.
- Equipment specialist was awesome. Group of 6! Annette and I wanted to dive but decided to just hang out and eat.
- Fantastic Salamander dive, but I got a hole in the exhalation hose. :( Silicone is more sensitive to this stuff.
- EOP & EFR with three lovely peeps, including Charlotte! Andre didn't seem to know it was my birthday. Oh well :D AMAZING cake from Anne and a lovely evening with her...we picked up our bikes!!! And rode 'em home!! So nice!!
- Clean-Up with Google was a bit shite, but I had a great afternoon with Jan and a lovely Thursday dive with Jan, Martin and Wiktor at WZT. FINALLY Sidemount again.
- Friday fun dive with Jan at Schoggiwand, whoop whoop! No Salamander yet, but whatever. LOVELY evening with Anne, Annette and Jan. Chez Nhan! They gave me two amazing gifts <3 Gosh I love these people <3 <3 <3
- Deep course was a bit tricky. Jenny isn't ready yet. We did practice at WZT tho. Michi finished successfully on Sunday, we got company from Annette <3
- SALAMANDER CERTIFIED AND I GOT MINE AT HOME NOW, WHOOP WHOOOP WHOOOP! Great dive at Baumgaertli!
- Lovely Monday at home with Anne :3
- Office day until lunch, lunch with Jussi (what a sweetheart he is) and then getting picked up by Anne to go to Konstanz together. SO PROUD OF HER!
- Flight to Alicante, driving a rental to La Manga, phew. I can't believe it myself yet.
- HOLY SHIT diving was AMAZING. Jo and Ed are sweethearts, the dive sites are full of life... groupers, eagle rays, barracudas, nudibranches... ahhhh
- Not vibing with this "conference", but a bunch of nice folks here. Got an extra dive in, whee!
- Europapark was a fantastic vacation! The Hotel Kronasor was wonderful, it's been such a smooth experience. Anne loves the park as much as I do!!
- Junior OWD with tricky teenagers. Geez. Donnerstagstauchen with Annette, Jan, Daniel Griza, Greg Anschwanden between the thunderstorms at Schoggiwand. Nice!
- Fab evening dive, shallow at WZT, with Susanne.
- Lovely Saturday with Anne, did our first Velo trip. My chain jumped off and failed, Anne repaired it <3 We didn't make it to Greifensee but it was still fab :)
- DSD was good, nice father and son duo. The evening dive with Andy and Sabine was lovely. SO MANY FISHIES AT BAUMGAERTLI!
- Slow Monday. Oh well. Lovely time with Anne, Asteroid City was damn good!
- Harsh training dive with Gabriel at WZT. Two stages are deffo just out of my comfort zone for now.
- Lovely Salamander dive at WZT, Annette scared me =D Terlinden tec diving with Flo and Stefan was amazing.

# July 

- HSA instructor pool day  Holy shit, such a packed day! First day with Jan taking pics was SUPER packed, Sat/Sun were easier but it's clearly super challenging to do this. LOVE IT THO
- Tesla mobile service. Super sweet.
- Lovely ride into the city with Anne. We cycled down to Nooch, had lovely lunch and cycled back. Werdinsel is quite accessible, actually..
- Completed the junior OWD with Felix
- Fun dive at WZT with Joshi and Jenny. Good fun, even saw a pike :)
- Great road trip to Germany. On our way to Germany, we saw someone with a blown-out tire. Yikes. The weekend was fun, but boy was it hot. On our way back, the highway was blocked due to an accident, yikes again.
- OWD wrap up with Kaspar! So happy!
- Sharm El Sheikh was such a lovely trip  Easy diving, lots of fish and coral! Tiring tho
- Great day at home with Anne  I need more of this :o
- Lovely deep dive day With Fabian and his wife Sandra! 
- Slightly annoying studio days but so good to be back at it!
- power OWD. The two girls did great!
- nice dive with Annette, so much current at wzt tho 
- lovely downtime with Anne. Still need so much more of this 😢
- great first day with Tom. GTD is a lovely dive center, full of great folks.
- Good first dive at Inland Sea. Unfortunately the wind was not good, but Inland Sea was beautiful. AMAZING ice coffee :)
- Second dive at Inland Sea again. Joaquin was struggling a bit, but it went ok
- Third dive - Billinghurst Cave!! Beautiful cave and interesting entry. Jumping in with tanks in hand, lol
- Fourth dive - Billinghurst again. Blind OOG, DATA, fun fun fun. Sooo nice!
- Food festival in Xewkija. Loud.

# August

- Holy shit, Intro to Cave certified! 🥳
- Super nice dive with Peter & Tom at MV Karwela. Little bit of deco, EANx50, easy.
- OWD is a lovely group, one student is quite timid, the other one is a bit traumatised, we'll see. It's raining and cold, too :(
- Traumatized student cancelled during second pool day :( I wish I had convinced her to go VIP immediately.
- Lake dives went really well, happy divers (one got sick, but we'll finish later)
- Tricky Thursdaydive. One weird guy, but ok.
- Deep was great, beautiful dives, but Fabian had an inflator issue, so one more dive to go. We did all skills, tho.
- LIBERTYYYYY! We'll do the Tmx version of the course right away. Whoop whoop! First dive was sooo nice! Setup was like xmas eve with lots of boxes and stuff...
- Skills are quite challenging, so much task loading, so many new procedures, ooof.
- Deep at WZT was really nice <3 I nearly flooded my unit tho :S
- Baumgaertli - shit dive, did it reasonably well, including the DSMB ascent up to 9m. Runaway at 6m tho :/ AMAZING second dive, tho! SO MANY FISHIES!!!
- Terlinden 49m deco dive, super nice!!! And Tmx for 12 CHF :D
- Fab day with Anne <3 We tried the Dune Imperium boardgame and it's super fun!
- Played Dune with Annette and had a blast :)
- Recording with Anja, DLD with Rainer (blind divers are great underwater) and a lovely dinner w/ Annette, Jan and Rainer :)
- First day back at work. Full of ideas and energy!
- Productive, cozy day with Anne, little roadtrip to Konstanz, too :)
- Donnerstagstauchen during a thunderstorm. What a lightshow while underwater 🙈
- Nice DLD at Baumgärtli, lots of fish but shite viz
- Dive #10 on the liberty With Annette as a training dive. Mostly stable when not busy, but quite unstable while busy..
- Lazy days with Anne <3 <3 <3 <3 Can't get enough of those <3
- DLD with the Binz brothers was so nice! We got to grosser PP from kleiner PP and had a lot of fishies and crayfish. Pikes!!
- Deep with Fabian, going to Oskar. So nice!
- Ticino - smooth and quick ride! Lovely group! But Niggi... oof.

# September

- First day: Gola del lupo was fab, so many trouts! Great viz. Lago di Sambuco still low on water, but more than last year. It was like diving through a garden. Found the wreck at 3m.
- Second day: Verzasca. Ponte di Salti had quite a bit of pull, but was really nice. Amslerbecken was a jewel as usual <3
- Third day: Ponte Brolla. Super nice! Great wiz, lots of fish!
- AOWD wrap-up with Ulrika! Kleiner PP treated us well, we did deep and then navi.
- I'm super happy to be at the office today :)
- I found out I lost my GoPro in Amslerbecken but someone from Divefactory Argau found it!
- Thursday dive was good. Lots of pikes!
- Lovely dive #800 with Susanne :) Lots of fish, including a bunch of Schleien!
- Lovely day with Anne and a nice night dive at Brougierpark with Susanne. It got (and continued to be) murky from 9m onwards.
- Taking the Salamander to Unterwilen - AMAZING dive
- Not my day. Rheinau with the Salamander did NOT work out. It was shite. Went to Tuerlersee and it was shite too. But great day with Anne <3
- Great day with Anne - went to Knabenschiessen, walked to the main station, ate at Hiltl Sihlpost and went back home :3
- Super chill and lazy day with Anne <3 <3 <3
- Flight to Berlin. Meh. But amazing dinner at "Umi Vegan" - GREAT vegan sushi!!
- SMX Advanced first day was good. Best thing: The dinner afterwards with a bunch of the attendees and the stories! Someone kept a few penguins at her place in a Zoo for two days and it was a wild story!
- Second day at SMX, started with my talk. Went really well. Selfies, questions - the usual :)
- Lovely OWD wrap-up with Patrick Bachmann, then a far-from-good dive with Annette at Ermitage. It was all wrong...
- Quick solo dive with the Liberty at Riedsort and it was AWESOME! So many fishies, such good viz, so nice and easy! Lazy day with Anne afterwards.
- Lovely day with Anne, met Helka, Ana, Jussi and Filipe at Frau Gerolds Garten. We biked there and back <3
- Looong day. OWD Pool 2 & Lake 2 with Jasper. Went really well. Afterwards: DLD with Rainer at Ermitage. MANY FISHIES, Crayfish and we found all the things :)
- Trip nach Konstanz mit Anne. ICH LIEBE SIE SO SEHR <3 <3 <3
- Netter Abend mit Kirchhof, statt tauchen. Auch schoen!
- No visa, no cry. Halt einfach nen ruhigen mit Anne gemacht.
- Viel Arbeit. Ufff.
- Super entspannter Kuscheltag mit Anne <3
- Interdive war eher so mitteltoll, aber der Tauchgang am Parkhaus Post mit Annette war super!
- Schoener, ruhiger Sonntag mit Anne. Schoen mit den eBikes durch den Wald zum Weiher (den wir nur erahnen konnten hinter dem dichten Gestruepp).
- 100min TG am kleinen Parkplatz. Oskar, Truhe, schoene Waende und dann noch den Penis, dort umgedreht. Voll am Ausstieg vorbei... uff!
- Schoener 115min TG am Riedsort mit Jan. Die Wand is superschoen, wenn man tiefer geht. Hinten dann Plateau aber oben 9-6m SEHR viel Fisch. Egliwolken mit Kollisionen ohne Ende :D Hechte, Lauben, Eglis. Unten waren mehreree Trueschen.
- Schoener TG mit Daniel am Baumgaertli. Danach arbeiten und abends mit Anne und Annette ins Kino, hinterher bisschen was Essen. Sehr schoen :)
- Shit day. Berndt with pneumonia and Covid in the hospital. Bad feeling about this one.
- Komplett den Tag versumpft. Naja. Aber viel mit Anne gekuschelt, das macht's gut <3
- Anstrengender Drysuit-Kurs aber glueckliche Kunden...

# Oktober

- Slow Sunday, but hey.
- Oki, SCL India got me in hot water. Mhm. Cycled along Gubrist with Anne to get some stuff out of my system. Nice.
- Erstmal Anschiss bekommen, aber dafuer schoene Runde mit Anne auf unseren Velos gedreht.
- Cake with Moira, evening with Anne.
- Trip to Timisoara! Really nice speaker dinner, lovely folks <3
- I nearly forgot how wonderful dev confs are <3
- Nice drysuit course.
- I got sick :((((
- It's the 'rona.
- Drove all the way back, whoop.
- IDK if I'm seeing myself in this team much longer, tbh.
- I hate being sick. But at least I'm more happy about where I am, workwise.
- Calm week, lots of work. Good spending time with Anne <3
- Really chill weekend, Annette popped by, had a nice dinner together.
- Hanging out with Ulrika before the SCL! Good times :)
- SCL was great. What a lovely day. And honestly happy, that my "advent" calendar idea was taken very positively <3
- Cuddly day with Anne :3
- Productive day in the office, whee!
- Work done, time to go to Vallorbe! Fun drive with Annick :D
- After a night in a weird room, a good breakfast, we checked Source de l'Orbe and the water level and current were a big NOPE. So we dived Quai de Vevey and had a burger and lots of chats and a great time :)
- Tried to recover the waegeli from Vevey, but people are dumb. Too bad. Great dive at Zigeunerplaetzli with Annette and a good risotto afterwards.
- Cuddly night with Anne, then a morning CCR dive at Zigeunerplaetzli. Evening dive with Felice and Jannik, Grosser PP to Kleiner PP-ish. I went down to early and we didn't have enough time to get to Oskar. But lots of fishies! Good way to start the week!
- Gary is strangely impressed by the EOY calendar being HTML and CSS
- Feeling of belonging is back at work <3 Forgot my drysuit, so no after-work-dive. Meh. But a really, really fun evening with Anne. We played DeathCubed and Moving out. SO MUCH FUN <3

# November

- Lovely dive at Riedsort with Jan, cut a bit short by scrubber issues for Jan. Great lunch, great conversations :)
- Fab morning dive at Riedsort, solo with the Liberty. Truesche ate another fish, took great pics and vids, lovely coffee chat with Lizzi and Gary, second coffee with lovely chatting away with Aurora. Good day!
- Annette brought me to the airport. Uneventful flights, surprisingly nice meal on the longhaul. I hate Madrid airport, no surprises there. After a LONG day finally in my hotel in Mexico city.
- VERY tired day :(
- Super lovely day in CDMX - museum, parks, restaurants. Daniel and Alejandra have been fab company!
- Lovely day in the office, super productive, too. Nice evening walk around the city center, topped off by a nice dinner with Daniel!
- Event went very well - lots of grateful, happy people :) Neat post-event hang with Ale and Daniel, nice dinner later on!
- Loooong trip home, but went okay
- Good day with Anne and Annette. Annette had her procedure today, went well
