# January

- Anne is sick, so I stayed home but joined Jan and Annette at Stars and Stripes for some dinner and Sushi Go Party.
- Nice but short dive with Annette at WZT - she had a weird noise in her exhale CL and we aborted. But viz was quite good!
- Mika is staying at Annette, we're gearing up for departure tomorrow..
- Made it with plenty of time. Flight delayed, enjoying ZRH club food and drinks.
- After a ton of delays, we arrived at Nova in pouring rain, lol! Nice island
- Snorkeling is tricky as most of the shallow reef is dead and barren but the outer reef is teeming with life. Rays, sharks, morays, clown fish, a turtle!
- Diving Kudhimaa has been a lovely flashback, Noo Giri was also pretty and I got to see a Mantis shrimp!
- Awesome day with hot tub and reading and snorkeling with Anne 💙💙💙
- Diving broken Rock again, whee - strong current!
- Hot tubbing with Anne 😎😍
- Diving a few new sites. Seventh Heaven was so-so, Dhigurah Arches was great tho.
- Anne's bday was a blast. Mizu's chef and staff gave us a private show and it was DELICIOUS too!
- The chefs are the cutest here - so lovely, so caring
- Interesting demos of local customs and crafts here
- The dive center team are soo sweet <3 I'll miss 'em
- UV snorkeling was a mild success. The reef is just really fucked, but the UV works pretty well!
- BACK HOME - what a long day :(
- Lovely rest day at home. Mika the cutie patootie is back <3 Annette misses her already, oooh
- Work. I feel strange. The mood is a bit bleak, thanks to the recent "emails" and I'm not sure I belong here anymore. I'll see what the summit brings and if that changes my heart.
- Myriam will join me for SMX Munich, whee!
- Sick :( I feel sick (and later vomit), have a fever and limb ache and oof, I stay home. No Boot for me :C
- Still a bit sick, but better. Anne is so sweet and I enjoy the warmth we're having together on the couch <3
- Somewhat fit again. Boring day, but I'm accepting my fate. I love spending time with Anne and it's good to have down days.
- Great day. First summit day was lovely, dive with Daniel (Annette called it off after 3 strikes), so many pikes at Kleiner PP!
- Good summit day, we made dumplings. Fun round at Schoggiwand with Daniel. We saw a pike again :D
- Very, very nice TSK "Xmas" dinner :)
- Konstanz-Roadtrip mit Anne <3 <3 <3
- Very easy and fun drysuit course with two lovely guys. Super chill!
- Amazing fan-dive in Rorschach. 10 people! So much fun!
- Lazy, slow day. I'm seriously unhappy with that.
- Flew the drone, got a few amazing shots! Went to Rene for my BZ400 heated and he already gave me the valve and the gloves <3
- Nice flight around Fraumuenster / Grossmuenster. Stressful dive with two kiddies in Kloten. Good evening at home with Anne <3

# February

- Great pool day with my two students for OWD+Dry. Tried Susanne's SM gear at WZT in the evening. Good dive!
- First OW day at WZT. Viz is okay, students doing well. Lovely flight at Eichwald, but the drone somehow got wet?! Nice quick dive there too.
- Second OW day went okay-ish. Valentine quit as she got overwhelmed. Nice afternoon with Annette.
- Lazy Monday. Very tired.
- Great day. Lovely time at work, great dive at a new dive site (Cholplatz). Fun times!
- Super nice day in the office and then with Anne. We went to Lilys and had a fantastic evening together <3 <3 <3
- Long day, but a good evening with Annette and Anne. Early off to the airport, ooof.
- Arrived in Hurghada, the boat is gorgeous!
- Diiiiviiiing in Egypt again <3 Nice reef dive to start things off.
- Lots of great dives from the boat, hate the Zodiac exits tho.
- Got flooded going from Zodiac but got to dive two nice wrecks, oh well
- Really chill and nice reef dive to wrap things up. Saw the remains of a wreck, too.
- Back in ZRH. I missed Anne so much <3 <3 <3
- Fantastic, quiet, cuddly Sunday with Anne :3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
- Slow Monday. Oh my.
- Back to work, full of energy, wheee
- Work work wooork, time with Anne in the evening <3
- BUDAPEST, YAY! Lots of traffic delays, so it took us 14 hours, but it was nice either way.
- GREAT cave dives with Agi. First a pretty normal dive, GoPro had no battery. Oops. Then a REALLY awesome "night dive" (UV lights only) with Agi crowned this day a huge success.
- A lovely dive with Eta and two other guys. Annette was a great model once again :) The second dive with Simi was chaotic. Light failures, valve rolloff, ear issues, oof.
- Fun dive with Joszi. Deeper, tighter, longer... great footage!
- Nice, short ride back with Anne. We took 11 1/2 hours only and got Mika back. She was super cuddly.
- Early start to transfer via CDG to GRU. Oof.
- Nice office day with Aurora and Daniel in Sao Paulo.
- SCL Brazil was great. Met a bunch of nice people, got a few interesting questions...and people still don't read the docs properly.
- I really like Argentina. And we had a damn good event here (and amazing vegan dinner at Sacro!)

# March

- Note to self: Kissandfly is risky. Aerolineas Argentinas my ass, I flew with another airline, checkin was a PITA, I got middle seat. UGH.
- Buenos Aires is gorgeous and we have a lovely office here!
- FINALLY BACK HOME! I LOVE ANNE SO MUCH :* :* :*
- Helldiver 2! FUCK YEAH! So much fun with Anne :D
- Good drive to Munich with Myriam. Great day!
- Sealife dive was really nice and the weather was super sunny and nice, so I went to Riemer See afterwards. Saw a pike, few perches, was good but not outstanding :) Lovely dinner with a bunch of nice people!
- SUCH A NICE NIGH DIVE in Friedberger Baggersee with Ulrika. Pikes, Perches AND AN EEL!! So nice!
- SMX Munich, whee!
- Off to Antarctica - first stop: FRA, then AEP, then USH..
- Ushuaia is pretty unique. We did a dive in the Beagle Channel and it was fantastic!
- On board the M/V Ortelius! Off through the channel to the Drake Passage!
- Good weather, a bunch of birds around us, whee!
- Great diving! Check-out dive had crabs, starfish, leopard seal! We saw penguins on the island, too!
- OK dive on a slope. Not mind-blowing, but good dive.
- Nice "wall" dive, bunch of starfish, crabs and a seal.
- Iceberg!!!!!!!! WE DOVE AN ICEBERG! Patric had a freeflow and that wasn't exactly great, but we made it.
- Horseshoe Island. Jellyfish, starfish, fishies.
- Stonington Island - sooo many sea urchins.
- Fish Islands - an amazing iceberg dive :O
- Duchaylard Island - OK dive, but nice.
- Neko Harbor - GENTOO PENGUINS OMFG! We really did dive with penguins!
- Culverville Island - an actual wall dive. Super neat.
- Guvernoren wreck. Impressive, tells the story of a huge fire and explosion.
- Palaver Point. Good dive.
- Whalers Bay. FUR SEALS CAME PLAYING WITH US!

# April

- Home with Anne. NOT ENOUGH TIME :'( I love her sooo much
- Bucharest. Hello.
- GAPP / KoF day was alright. Tough questions but _extremely_ good questions.
- Great OWD with Vanessa, she's a diver now!!
- Lovely evenings with Anne <3 <3 <3
- Piran is quite cute. Not too bad here!
- Good diving in Piran, yay!
- Lovely couple of days with Anne <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
- Back to the office, wheee!
- Really nice dive from Kleiner PP to Grosser PP with Doro on CCR. So nice!
- Quick dive at Brougierpark. The new insta cam wasn't set up yet. Ugh. Afterwards an o-ring blew in the DIL MAV hose :(
- Navigation course with Hengartners. Good stuff :)
- Easy OWD+Dry lake day with three dives. Then hanging out with Anne <3 <3 <3
- Office, then taking off to Warsaw. Hm.
- Good event in Warsaw. Surprisingly friendly audience :D
- Oh no no no no, I'm on standby for my flight home :'(
- Super nice Friday with Anne in Konstanz <3
- DSMB with Felice was great! Viz at WZT was surprisingly good, too!
- Quality time with Annick at Gruenwald. Good times, even though her news were big news indeed.
- Slow Sunday with Annette and Anne <3
- Great pool session with Karl's Kuehne Gassenschau and a lovely deep dive with Delia
- Fun deep dive with Delia, Mel and Lucia came along with Annick, too!

# May

- Got wet, Annette and Jan went diving at Baumgaertli, I spent time dogsitting Sam while Charlotte and Diana went diving. Good day with Anne afterwards <3
- Joshy's first drysuit dive... he got wet. Neck seal too big, we fixed it with Bungee :D Diving was really good, tho!
- Ocean Film Fest with Anne and Annette was GREAT - such interesting films, too!
- Joshy got CERTIFIED! Whoop whoop! Really good day! TSK Season Kickoff. Emotional - Annick announced her departure :(
- Amazing Self-Reliant dives with Fabian at Horn Richterswil. Beizli is beautiful - sunny weather, too! Met Sandra and their son Jan as well <3
- After finishing the self-reliant at Wrack Bruno we met Jasmin and Delia. Delia's final deep dive at Terlinden followed. AMAZING vis! We hit the wall right on, it was bright at depth!
- PPB / SM with Felice; all sorts of exercises. Got super wet from the right hand glove. But very nice diving there.
- Lunch with Jussi - so good to see him again <3 Great day at the office - Rankapalooza was fun!
- Diving with Charlotte, Felice, Jenny and Yancy. In at Grosser PP, visiting Oski, back shallow. Jenny is not putting enough air into her suit. Pike, perches and a great dive!
- Woerk Woerk Woerk at Rankapalooza. Good stuff, tho. Dive with Annette at WZT, met the Tschiggis. We practiced line-laying. Good stuff, but I'm too slow at it.
- Slow day, lovely day with Anne. Board games evening with Anne, Annette, Andreja and Jan <3 <3 <3 <3
- Great early morning dive with Charlotte, Mel and Yancy at WZT! Fabian on his solo-dive as well! Lots of Eglis, a pike - grand vis 'til 28m at least!
- Very awesome day with Anne and Annette at Fantasy Basel - next year, we will be Helldivers!
- Good, lazy day at home with Anne <3 <3 <3
- Tour started! Off to Siegburg!
- Great day at Dive4Life. Lovely location, bit small, but hey! Laying line, doing no-mount...good fun!
- Good downtime at Niedermooser See Camping. Good food, too.
- Hemmoor was a blast. Flew the drone, met Andre and had good dives there.
- Sundhäuser See was a bit chaotic but I had a lovely solo dive.
- Attersee is amazing  It's a divers paradise. Sofia, Sebastian and Markus were amazing to us too!
- Home sweet home
- Flew FPV drone, it's awesome!
- Furiosa with Anne and Annette <3
- Awesome days with Anne ❤️
- Calm start to the week.
- LEAK :( Fucking hell... not another round of pseudo-smart shit coming our way :(
- Wednesday going slowww, feeling a bit under the weather...
- Good day yesterday, new events on the horizont. Good dive in the evening with Peter :)
- Harsh Friday, IDK. Good brekkie with Jan, at least.

# June

- Good lazy day with Anne. Annette popped by and we watched Fury Road together :)
- Good equipment specialist course, nice shallow dive with Jasmin, dinner with Benni, Delia and Jasmin after. Calm evening.
- Slow start to the week, eyooo.
- Epic recording day. 9 videos in a single day, then showed Dan around Switzerland a bit :)
- Amazing dive towards "Hintere Au" from "Vordere Au" and FOUND THE KAMINHOEHLE in 9.5m!!! Wheee!!!
- Good cleanup day - 5 bags per person, found a mobile phone (flip phone) and had a nice 90mins dive time.
- Nice after work dive. Kleiner Parkplatz deep, we could see the chest from 34m!
- My birthday was fantastic! Easy start to the day, lovely trip to the Hundlochquelle With Anne, great dinner with Anne and Annette at Don Weber
- Woohoo, Konstanz with Annette, dive at the walls of Halbinsel Au and then a shallow one to the Ofenhöhle!
- Good pool day with Yael! Odd dive at WZT. Flooded a bit, murky, meh. But another dive with Annette, always worth it!
- Good start into Monday. No diving, but got new gloves and prepped the CCR. Lotsa love With Anne.
- Okay, sensor #3 deffo died. Bleh. 
- OMG! Tried the Kun scooter and gosh it's amazing. I zoomed with twice the usual speed through WZT - along the pipe down to its end(-ish). Saw two new signs and the three hoola-hoops to swim through and awww!
- Dived at Matterhoernli and it was lovely. Lots of large rocks with crevices and hiding places for fishies. So I saw a bunch of fish :) Evening dive w/ Mel and Luci, Luci had a broken inflator hose on her suit, so the free descent at Terlinden was a bit stressful. The dive with Meld afterwards was super chill, tho.
- Great recordings with Elasmocean. Calm day with Anne <3 <3 <3 A bit of a weird trip to Zurich to pick up my key from reception and go have dinner - Frauenstreik blocked the entire inner city. Puuhh
- Customer too tired, went diving with Pascal Tilly at Baumgärtli instead. Calm afternoon then!
- Kiddie diving with Emily and Michi - so much fun. Love Fondli Badi. Made 10 kids very happy, Jenga was a blast! Afterwards chill dive with Emily and Jan at Grosser PP. Emily saw the penis for the first time. Such good viz and so much light.
- Great recording starts the Monday. Wolfgang is such a nice guy. Weird dive at WZT. Scooter died (wtf) and yet I managed to go all the way to the RIP plaque. Was good. Lovely evening with Anne <3
- Nice dive at Halbinsel Au again. Was too deep and probably not far out enough for the Kaminhoehle, but got good footage of the Ofenhoehle. Lots of big overhangs, so nice!
- I might have lost my lamp yesterday, huh. Anyway, good recording day with Mihai and hanging out with Mihai and Dave at 25H for the PES welcome lunch.
- Neat day at PE Summit, wheee. Long day, tho.
- Nice day with Ute, Lukas, Patrick and Anne. We went to the FIFA Museum (to mixed success) and then I took Luki to Alpamare. SO MUCH FUN :D But, boy, am I groggy.
- Zurich City Triathlon is such a blast and Patrick is rockin' it! Quiet eve with Anne <3
- Slow Monday, oof.
- Nice evening with Jan and a lovely dive at kleiner PP.
- Good day in the office and then a really lovely dive at Grosser PP with Daniel and Florentin.
- Productive day followed by a great dive with Delia and Benni :) So many pikes and fishies at Baumgaertli!
- Hung out with Annette. Her CV is ready, her motivation letter can be done now, etc.
- Tricky dive day with Yael and I start getting sick. Good movie eve w/ Andreja, Annette, Anne and Jan <3

# July

- SICK :( Antibiotics...
- Getting better already, hoorah to modern Medicine!
- Slow week, due to being sick :(
- Week turned a lot better once I was feeling better :)
- Game eve with Helka, Ana, Jussi, Filipe - so much fun getting the crew back together. Annette popped over after taking Scotty to Konstanz, whee!
- Good OWD pool with a lovely family. Neat dive with Annette and Simon at WZT. So much fish!!! Relatively good viz, too.
- Reactivate with a lovely parents couple, kiddo had a headache but alrighty. Afterwards a lovely dive with Simon, Jan, Susanne, Andreja at Kleiner PP. Viz not as good as WZT.
- Finished pool with the family and Lucia had a reactivate with the mom, good day! Finished it off with visiting Alessandro and his wife. Was fun, they have cute kitties.
- Super nice dive with Annick and Jan at kleiner PP. Went all the way to Grosser PP via Oski and Schatztruhe. Pikes, Perches...so nice.
- Great dive with Martina at WZT. So many pikes, so many fishies <3
- Super nice dive with tons of fishies at Baumgaertli with Jasmin and Charly. Sam was such a cutie. He stayed in the Tesla - dog mode ftw! Thunderstorm afterwards :o
- Lovely Friday with Anne <3 Gosh I love this woman to the moon and back <3 <3 <3
- Good first lake day with Barbara and the lovely family. They're such easy students! Afterwards went to Baumgaertli with Jan and Andreja, Annette joined us. We couldn't be arsed to dive tho :D
- OWD done at Baumgaertli - such a nice set of dives, so many Tenches and pikes! Went SM diving with Susanne at Kleiner PP afterwards, pretty good viz, lovely dive to Grosser PP and back. A freediver scared us in the shallow and fogged everything up 🙄
- Yael and I did the Drysuit course at WZT and it was soo good :) I'm so proud of her!
- Calm day at the office followed by fun theory evening for Adaptive Techniques at TSK
- Super nice dive from Kleiner to Grosser PP. Went a bit deeper, got a few pikes, whee!
- Early morning dive at WZT. Scooter died, meh. But nonetheless a nice dive.
- Super nice dive with Susanne and Daniel at Kleiner Parkplatz - all the way to the exit of grosser PP and back. A bit further away from the wall gives you a whole new perspective. Big Burger in Maennedorf was lovely afterwards.
- Dekozeit interview spree - four episodes on one day is TOO MUCH. oof.
- Lovely calm weekend with Anne, topped off by dinner at Hiltl <3
- Morning dive at Grosser PP with Michi, brought JJ to Rene, evening dive with Susanne, Daniel and Jan at Terlinden. Daniel's number 400! The fancy pizzaria wasn't as fancy tho, lol.
- Adaptive pool session. So cold at Moesli, but hey, great time with everyone and Rainer is such a wonderful dude :)
- Quick dive with a bit of deco at Kleiner PP. So bright, so nice, fishies in the seaweed around the shallow. Went towards Zurich, saw the figuring at 28m and an xmas tree at 32m. Wall seems nice here.
- Evening dive at kleiner PP with Mel. So calm, so nice! Went to the chest, then shallow journey back. Fishies everywhere in the shallow.
- Work work work wooork...then a lovely Nitrox course.
- Morning dive with Michi at Baumgaertli, chill day with Anne and Deadpool & Wolverine in the cinema. GOOOD DAYYYY <3 <3 <3
- Hair dresser's wasn't great for Anne, we'll change again. Fucking idiots, incompetent as fuck. Konstanz road trip and HELLDIVERS AFTERNOON FUCK YEAH
- Super chill Sunday, lots of fun with Anne :3 Calm and chill, love it
- Worky worky, OWD kickoff evening was great, I think I really like this group!
- Worky worky, then a lovely wetsuit Sidemount dive at WZT right before our Adaptive course final <3
- Early morning dive at Kleiner PP direction ZRH. Super beautiful. Worky worky, later pickin' up Annette from the airport.

# August
- Calm national day with Anne <3 Games games games gamesss
- Pool day was great, EAN was great - I love this group <3
- First lake day went REALLY well, but Alexander canceled the course :( Lovely afternoon in HD2 with Anne :3
- Great interview with Piet Spaak, diving Schoggiwand with Susanne and Jan afterwards, so much fun! Annette is sick tho :(
- Reactivate and Nitrox with Marcel - good stuff!
- Lovely day - picked up by Anne and Annette at work, Konstanz, Deadpool and Wolverine in cinema, loving it.
- Good service at DESA, Scotty has a nice, fine, new rear window :) EAN was a good group!
- Roadtrip to Germany. Hoffest was so-so. Good to see them all again, I miss 'em often. But the political views deteriorate quicky :C
- Good OWD pool day with Flavia, great evening dive with Christopher, such fun! Huge lightning storm aftwards, oooh boy.
- Neat dive at Kleiner PP towards Grosser PP with Suse and Jan, burgers afterwards - and a lightning storm in the distance. Damn nice!
- Nice DLD with 2 dives at WZT, a ton of pikes! Then DIVING MY 1000th with Annette at WZT! No pikes whatsoever, tho, lol! Met Regina and Simone as well. Good day :)
- Chill day at home with Anne - we went to see Alien: Romulus. Good film, Miss Miu afterwards :)
- OWD with Flavia, a breeze! Did the EAN afterwards and still was home by early afternoon :3 Went to Konstanz, then cuddling and gaming with Anne 💯
- OWD final dives with Flavia - Baumgaertli wasn't as nice as we hoped, but still good. She rocks! Gaming and cuddling with Anne 😻
- Dive at Brougierpark with Alex, Thimo and Susanne. Had removed weights before so I got too light at the end, oof. Good chat with everyone over dinner tho
- Diving with Annette at Zollbrücke. Barely any current, not much to see, hey, Eglis and two eels.
- Great recording with our guests on the hotline episode and a regular episode on writing underwater. Diving with Annette later :)
- Early morning dive with Charlotte, Diana, Lucia and Sidney. Kleiner PP -> Grosser PP. Milky water, but it was quite nice. Mel's grandpa died :( Lucia got Nitrox'd.
- Super nice dive at Pflegeheim am See. Then cuddling with Anne, then Leonardo da Vinci exhibit and dinner at Nooch. So nice :3
- Quick morning dive at Grosser PP. Saw some pikes, very calm and nice. Then visiting Helka and Jussi and had a great time together with Ana and Filipe! They got a great view there!
- Morning dive with Annette and Daniel at Matterhoernli. Quite murky in between 12-18m, below was good, above was milky. Few burbots and eglis. Livia and Daniel took me diving at Grosser PP afterwards - SO GOOD TO BE IN THE Salamandre again! Burgerrrrsss afterwards :)
- Early morning WZT fun dive with Sidney. She guided me and she visited the alien for the first time. Spontaneous Konstanz trip with Anne afterwards :)
- Nice evening dive with Jan and Jasmin at Grosser PP. Salamandre again - but ran out of Oxygen, whoops!
- Quick morning dive, guiding Sidney around WZT, then driving to Ticino. 
- Amazing first dive day - Ponte dei Salti for ourselves, two dives in amazing light. Then Pozzo di Misura for two more dives, bit of a walk due to badly parked divers but good viz.
- The mountain lake was flooded by silt, no life, nothing left of paradise. But Gola Del Lupo was amazing, we could dive further up than the last year's. Found a super cute Grotto near the motel.

# September 
- Pozzo di Tegna for two dives was stunning. Viz, light and all was perfect.
- Short time with Anne and Mika  Too short :'C
- Long but good drive to France..beautiful cottage here.
- First dive at Ressel - just getting a groove in. It's nice and calm using CCR and the cave is stunning. Jan hit a mental limit and we aborted the circuit.
- Two more dives in Ressel! Jumps jumps jumps, lost line - I wasn't doing too well here, lol.
- Last dive at Ressel. Loop with me on first position, then lost line (much better) and stuck in the line, fixing the line. Good Webinar in the evening.
- Landenouse as our course finale. What a gorgeous cave. We made it to the screwdriver and had a bunch of drills on the way out, including BO exchange and exit. At Ressel I got water into my suit and we aborted at the entrance. Annette joined and we had a nice dinner together with Kai and Sara.
- Driving home through heavy rain and a traffic jam slowed me down but I had a great evening with Anne and Mika at home ❤️❤️❤️
- Slow chill day at home with Anne <3
- Videogames and Konstanz trip with Anne <3 <3 <3
- Berlin. Mehhh.
- I keep forgetting how annoying flying to Egypt is. But the boat is alright, not outstanding but will do.
- First reef dive, easy peasy and a bunch of fishies
- Second dive with Zodiac. Meh :D But the dive was stunning, lovely little wreck, lots of fishies
- Elphinstone. Interesting choice for a beginner trip. We had an incident with one diver suffering from a mask barotrauma. The dive itself was rather boring.
- DOLPHINS! Good dive.
- M/Y Legend wreck, neat video of me on a toilet underwater :D The night dive afterwards was... mh.
- Shaab Maksour is nicer on the south plateau. Lots of fishies.
- SUCH A NICE REEF - lots of swimthroughs and caverns at Shaab Malahi! One buddy team split up, a job poorly done there.
- Dolphinhouse Sataya. Meh.
- SNORKELING WITH DOLPHINS FUCK YEA
- Super nice swim throughs at Sha'ab Claudio.
- Abu Galawa, photogenic little wreck.
- Sha'ab Sharm had lots of cute fishies and a nice reef on the plateau.
- Gotta Ghadir, interesting reef structure, little canyon leading into a bay, can do.
- Marsa Shouna full of turtles <3 <3 <3
- COMING BACK HOOOOOME - Annette picked me up, Anne fell into my arms, Mika let me pet her again. I am where I should be <3
- Recording with Kirchhof. I miss hanging out with him more.
- Konstanz With Annette, Blue Planet III with Anne, what a lovely day 💙
- Relaxing sunday with Anne, gaming gaming gaming but Mika is sick :(
- Started with two nice dives at Riedsort with Claude, a Dekozeit Fan. Mika got meds, we played games, good day, I think.
- Back in the office and I gotta say: I love my job :)
- Good day at work but boy was that long. Mika got extra meds but hey, she's eating again!
- Looong day with two dives but yay! Dsmb and PPB for Bianca and Karsten was great! 
- Two lovely dives at Grosser Parkplatz with Christopher and Gregori. Vanessa cancelled, I took the ferry home. Cozy evening with Anne 😍
- Morning dive at Kindli - amazing dive site. Circumstances a bit fucked, but I did it and I loved it. Then took off to Europapark with Anne <3 <3 <3
- Europapark with Anne was a BLAST! I love this woman so much, we had so much time :) I made a bad decision and took Anne on Pegasus, but Voltron was amazing!!

# October

- Slowww day today, but hey. At least weather isn't great, lol. But ANNE AND I DID OUR FIRST GEOCACHE - WHEE! We even added an Adventure Lab cache on top, it was so much fun. I love her soo much <3 <3 Who else is wild enough to go out IN THE POURING RAIN to find a little plastic box in the forest? Yeah!
- Finished the Adventure Lab at the Negrelli Steg. That was fun, if annoying :D
- So much driving around, but hey! Steffen and Tamara arrived. Tamara and Anne joined me for an attempt at Hammetschwand Lift. But it's a long walk up there, we didn't do it.
- Daytrip to Friedrichshafen. Zeppelinmuseum has great stuff on exhibit but is disorganised and the people there, ughhh. But was a lovely trip!
- Amazing trip to Pilatus, despite the no-viz topside. We took the scenic route back and had dinner at Gruenwald. Lovely.
- Lovely quick dive at Riedsort with Annette and Patrizia, Luetzi afterwards and then checking out location at Kindli with Annette. So good. Annette brought "gifts" :)
- Anne is sick :( Poor sweetie caught a nasty cold.
- Super stressful day, Annette blacked out at work and I picked her up and brought her home. Money is scarce, work is stressful.... but the dive made it all okay. Fishies!!
- All work done, went for a dive - storm hit, massive surges and surf. No dive, but nice dinner, eh.
- Work work workkkk, but alright. WZT dive with Patrizia, good time with meh viz. Fishies!
- Diving kleiner PP with Annette and Anne came along - then we had food at Swing Kitchen and checked out Yumihana. Noice.
- OWD pool was neato, food with Annette afterwards.
- OWD lake was good, but I flooded. Lovely evening with Anne <3 <3 <3
- Istanbul. Meh. But good vegan fastfood, yay.
- Good event, nice people - a few odd balls, but hey. Genuinely a good event!
- Quiet evening with Anne 😻
- Looong drive to Budapest, Anne wasn't feeling so well and there were a bunch of traffic jams, but it was quite nice still, so not too bad. The family apt. in Hotel Czaszar is amazing.
- Really lovely dives with Agi - I got ALL the shots in the  first one and we had a fun dive to the old exit in the second dive. Had Pad Thai at Anne's fave place and I got some extra drone shots done.
- Dive dive dive with Joszi, did the jump to the Mirror Room and had a lovely time. Visited Brigi and Zelda and had a great evening. Food ordering went wrong, we went to the italian place around the corner and their food sucked so bad.
- Last dive with Bence - really nice, lots of restrictions but fun dive! Then Brigi did a tat for Annette and then finished Anne's death star. Suuper nice! But now we're all broke. Very, very broke.
- Good drive home, went pretty smoothly. Calm eve at home.
- Good studio day - two vids and a podcast donneeee. But the morning dive didn't happen b/c I'm an idiot. An absolute idiot. Forgot my gloves!
- Safe and sound trip to London and Norwich. What a lovely event, the talk was so much fun, people were super nice. Norwich is surprisingly cute, too.
- SMX was alright, tinier and less-visited than I expected. A bit of a mixed bag, but I think my talk went alright.
- Good time with Jan, long chat during the ride to Attersee - diving tomorrow. Bunch of people canceled tho :/
- Great day with 4 listeners, two really nice dives. TONS of fish at the little house underwater. Dixi is a neat dive site. Amazing food with a view afterwards, long chats... tired now, tho.
- Excellent day, 8 folks went diving with us today! Really nice dive, amazing food & talk afterwards <3 Long drive home, late return, tho :o
- Lovely day and dive with Susanne at Baumgaertli - best vis I've seen here so far! Lovely eve with Anne and SPREADING DEMOCRACY!
- Long day at work, didn't sleep much so skipped the dive with Annick, but really nice chat. Evening with Anne, but I wasnt much use.
- Calm day, nothing going on, really. Good to recharge.
- Two dives with Flavia at Riedsort, she did so so well! Navigation & Drysuit done! Rest of the day uneventful.
- Calm evening at home with Anne, loving it.

# November

- Friday morning dive with the Liberty and Daniel in JJ at WZT, got a bit wet. In the evening Annette realised that I have a hole next to the zipper :(
- Good day with Anne - we went geocaching, so much fun!!! Annette fixed the suit and popped by in the evening. Calm day <3
- Didn't go diving with Annette, we had coffee and snacks and went for a walk and to Sukkulentensammlung and I played HD II with Anne in the evening, exceptional day.
- Two good dives with Flavia at Riedsort again. She stressed during the deep dive b/c her air consumption was quite high. A spiral. Night dive was great, so much fish!
- Good day at work, failed attempt to dive CCR with Annette at Terlinden - this time her suit flooded. We had sushi, tho!
- Great dives at Baumgärtli with Flavia, we made it to 30m :) Then Helldivers with Anne <3
- Good day, trip to Konstanz with Anne :3
- Very smooth and easy ride to Munich, then a lovely day at Deutsches Museum - soo much to see. We saw bridges and planes, then capitulated and went for dinner at Siggis. AMAZING vegan restaurant, outstandingly nice.
- Nice game, exciting til the last second! Lounge was odd at first, but then I broke the ice and we had lovely chats with people.
- After a good night's sleep, we went home. Relatively smooth ride, Annette popped by and then I did a bit of video editing for the Budapest film and had a call for the new rescue course wiht Martin.
- Trip to Barcelona was pretty uneventful, great indian food tho.
- Weather nixed our dives, oh well. Flew the drone with a few changed settings, we'll see how it turns out. Taking a low day here.
- Flew the drone, got good shots! Conference was alright, Q&A went really well - lovely crowd.
- Slow Friday - back home, good time with Anne <3
- Pool day for Rescue is great, but tiring. Took all day, basically, but worth it.
- Troubled lake day for Rescue. Drysuit troubles, but hey, we managed. Tiredddd
- Sunshine, slow start, good day. Sidemount dive with Susanne at Baumgaertli but I was missing some weight, so it was... troublesome at the end.
- Good, super productive day at the office followed by an IKEA haul with Anne and a cuddly evening <3
- Great dive at Baumgaertli - good to be back and take videos. Quiet eve.
- Tiring drive to Salzburg, went diving with the Liberty at Wandl, sooooo good! Pikes, Perches, EELS!
- SEOKomm talk went well, but I'm not really feeling it today, IDK why tho :/
- Super nice at home with Anne <3 <3 <3
- Rescue was good, quick dive at Rütenen. Evening with Annette, noice!
- Great dive with Martina at Zollbruecke. So many eels, catfish and other fishies. Sooo nice!
- No diving with Andre, but good talk and brekkie. Scare b/c Bauhaus no longer has a print station, great... game night with Anne, good fun!
- Retrieved the prints, turned out amazing! Anne joined me in putting the exhibition together - and wow, max impostor syndrome, so many great pics. Anne said "Your pics are almost as good as theirs" <3 Great Vernissage.
- Had a great day at Swiss Abilities expo with HSA!
- Deep with Sebastian was good - chill dives at Riedsort, met Norina and Annette joined us for dinner. Lützi closes until March, wtf!

# December

- Lediwracks Deep wrap-up with 2 dives that were great. Sebastian had a full-on narcosis, Annette had a failing sensor, Jan joined us for the second dive and we had lovely dinner at Schifffahrt :)
- Konstanz and HELLDIVERS with Anne <3 <3 <3 <3
- Great day at work followed by a great (albeit a bit more risky than I wanted to) dive at Terlinden <3
- Started an Etsy shop. So much spam :(
- Lovely tour at Wildnispark and Walensee with Cherry and Lizzi
- Two great days with Anne <3 <3 <3
- Sonntagstauchen was tiring, Baumgaertli dive with Sonja was fantastic, tho! So many fishies!
- Recorded two episodes with Ollie, was great - then lunch and then work work work work worrrrkkk.
- Great day in the office, had fondue with the team and then a lovely (if low-viz) dive with 5bar folks at Schoggiwand :)
