# January
- started slowww, but really nice :) Breakfast with Annette and Anne, then cuddling, playing video games, relaxing :)
- beautiful dive at Rheinau with Annette, Anne wandered down the river for a bit, we ate at Hans im Glück and we shopped and went home through the pouring rain.
- lost day. Went to dive at Rütenen, but forgot the gloves. Wanted to get stuff done on a site or videos, didn't happen. Tired, unfocused. Mh :(
- Good DSD with Titus and Amos, his son. We had a lot of fun :) Then drove to Konstanz with Annette to pick stuff up, good day. Evening with Anne and Helldivers :)
- Good DSD with Manuela's boyfriend, then Firehouse Sub and then WZT with Annette. So happy that I went, despite feeling tired. New gloves are staying dry, we had TONS of fish but also tons of trash :(
- Went out to Sihlsee with Anne, scouting for the ice diving. Good chats, beautiful landscapes, HD II in the evening, lovely :)
- Back to the office - took the drone up and got a gorgeous sunrise! Then a productive day. Me likey.
- Shitty day. Rainy, tired, gloomy, bad food in the office. meh.
- Good day, dived with Patrizia at Kleiner Parkplatz, said hello to Oski. Good afternoon with Anne and a lovely, calm evening.
- Fun day with Anne - went to Konstanz, then HELLDIVERRRRSSS - Level 10 isn't too bad...
- Pool day with Ana went really well, I hope we get to dive more. Visited Annette and brought her packages. Then cuddling with Anne :3
- Ice diving. Mh. We did get under the ice, I did twice in fact. But vis was super low and we didn't proceed much. Lunch, investigating how to get into Hundlochquelle and that's been a good day.
- Try Sidemount with Sebastian lead to a booked Sidemount course plus a bought XDeep Stealth, yay! Then a lovely afternoon with Anne <3
- Dispo remotely ausm office gemacht. Naja. Wieder die meisten Kurse, wow! EFR im Office lief gut :)
- Hello, Oslo! Schöne Stadt, nette Menschen.
- Konferenz war gut, ab nach Züri!
- Entspannter Tag, Abflug nach Düsseldorf. Wir treffen unsere Ultras wieder :) Guter Abend mit Korean BBQ!
- Messe Tag 1 war gut - viel gesehen, viel geredet, viele Leute getroffen
- Messe Tag 2 - Husti, husti. Ging mir echt schonmal besser. Aber recht viel los, gute Begegnungen. Paar wollen wieder nich mit uns reden, dann halt nicht.
- Messe Tag 3: All the interviews. Ging gut, aber mir gehts echt scheisse. Messe wird ein bisschen ruhiger, immerhin.
- Messe Tag 4: Relativ ruhig, ein paar nette Gespräche. Insta360 hat wohl gar keinen Bock, auch gut. Abends schön Franzi getroffen beim Ocean Film Fest :)
- HEIMFLUG! Endlich, ich bin völlig fertig.
- Heile heile Gänschen. Den ganzen Tag nix gemacht ausser gehustet und geschlafen. Aber die Meshtastic Node angeworfen, richtig was los hier!
- Interview mit Andre vom Tüv. Ging gut. Müdeeee.
- Drohne fliegen, wenn ich sonst schon nix machen kann. FPV is schon geil. Dann ne Foto-Runde mit der Mini 3 Pro.
- Heute mit Anne Döner geholt, gezockt, wird langsam wieder. Bisschen fliegen. Nice.
- Langsamer Tag, Arbeit, TV, Zocken. Regnet draussen, nix mit Fliegen :(
- Guter Tag auf Arbeit, wenn auch noch wfh :(
- Nochmal wfh aber schoen, guter Tag mit Anne <3
- Navi Dive, hat Spass gemacht! Kaffee mit Annick, guter Tag :)
- Sidemount mit Sebastian. Ging viel schief aber war trotzdem schoen.

# February 
- Heute lief es rund beim Sidemount Kurs, wir haben alles geschafft :) Jan kam noch zu Besuch zum Quatschen, schoen!
- AXEL IN TOWNNNNN!!! So good catching up, going for a walk, having brekkie together, awww :) But a bad interaction with Anne :'(
- Slow day, lots of couch cuddling, playing video games.
- Super productive day in the office, noice! Didnt dive the new cam, but had a lovely walk in the woods with Anne, then HELLDIVERS II!
- Installed vacuum valve, good day at the office, soo productive! Lunch w/ Annette :) Calm eve with Anne <3
- Worky worky in the office, then a good dive at Zollbrücke with Jan.
- Dive day at Baumgärtli, finally taking the cam into the water :) Annette and Anne went for a walk in the forest, I had to help an elderly lady and her husband after she had fallen out of her wheelchair. Then dinner, then Annette put her car key inside the car and while we fetched the second key, her car got towed :(
- Diving Schoggiwand with the new cam. A bit too enthusiastic to do both sides of the wall in one dive on 2xAL7 but hey, it worked :D Good pics! Helldivers with Anne in the evening <3
- SUPERBOWL! Was pretty good, what a win for the Eagles!
- Slow day, but productive. Gaming with Anne <3 <3 <3
- Good day, lovely cinema & burger eve for Annette's birthday :)
- Productive day, lots of gaming with Anne, too <3
- Dived a new site! Was great, the lamp is pretty, light was good, would do again!
- Great DSD today, after a bit of hesitation, we have an excited, soon to be diver!
- Slow day...but good day! Lots of cuddles, lots of fun with Anne :3
- DSD with two lovely folks - hope to see them again in the OWD! Good evening with Anne as well :) 
- Good day in the office, then nice evening with Anne :3 <3
- Amazing interviews with Sabine Kerkau, then nice food and chit chat with Annette and Jan, then good eve with Anne
- Went to Konstanz with Anne and Annette - good day, lots of laughing, presentation Abenteuer Ozean in the evening, good stuff but loooong day. Oof.
- Good interview with Thomas for our tour. Went diving at Harissenbucht. Such a nice spot but quite a bit of water in the loop, hmm. Found the car wreck and all the other bits, super lovely place.
- Anne is sick :( Trying my best to help her
- Lazy day, rainy, I did pretty much nothing. Sigh. Anne is feeling better tho!
- Video games and fun with Anne, lovely evening chat and pizza dinner with Annette and Jan.
- Good day in the office followed by a really nice dive with Andre at Schoggiwand. Left transmitter had a dead battery AGAIN and I missed a few gas switches, not great but still good dive.
- Weird day in the office followed by first dive with Morgane at Baumgärtli. Was really nice!
- Office day was good, lovely dive with Felix and coffee with his wife and him at his place felt really good :)
- Dive with Jan at kleiner PP was lovely, followed by dinner with Anne, Annette and Jan at a new Thai place and IT WAS AMAZING. Thai Orchid, one for the good book.

# March 
- Brought Anne and Annette to the Creafair, took photos while they were there, picked 'em up, pizza at our place, lovely day!
- CCR Solo at Lediwracks with big cam. SO NICE. Good I did this!
- Sidemount day with Sebastian was really nice, good EAN with Stas, fixed my freeflow reg, but I need the tool to adjust the 2nd stage.
- Heard we'll move to BRA. Good, I think? Good day.
- HUET was fun, the xmas dinner with TSK was bittersweet. I'll miss Annick a lot.
- Work work worrrrkk. Then a nice evening with Anne :)
- Slow start, then tried to take pics at Laegern, picked up Anne, dinner with Andreja, Annette, Kathrin, Jan and Ruediger, so nice
- DIVINGGGG at Ruetenen. Good viz, lots of improvement & training for Kathrin and Ruediger, amazing dinner at Seeblick, Emmetten.
- DIVE AGAIN at Zollbruecke, lovely viz with sunshine and many catfish around :) Great lunch at Augarten. Lovely afternoon with Anne (:
- Training day with Miguel - he's fab! Lovely dives and chats, then hanging out with Annette and Anne at ours, good day :)
- Blergh day at the office, but lovely "coffee chat" with Annick. Evening with Anne <3 <3 <3 <3
- Amsterdam with a surprise dose of sunshine!
- Such a nice day at FoS - bunch of photo taking happening, too!
- Great day at home with Anne, just chilling :)
- Quick and early to Munich, lovely dive with the DiveTalk Go CCR and met Achim. Good times! Divers Indoor is boring, but reasonable for this kind of endeavor. Couldn't be arsed, drove back home.
- Amazing day with Anne, games, good food, cuddling and TV <3 <3 <3 <3
- Off to MUC again, dived Echinger Weiher, WHAT A BEAUTIFUL GEM!
- Good evening at SEO Inhouse Meeting, next day? Home trip.
- Photography at the runway at ZRH, really good, fab light too. Picked up Annette, then spending time with Anne <3
- Recording with Annette and Jan, then gaming with Anne. Lovely day!
- Recording with... Andre? Good recording either way. Chill day afterwards.
- Cinema day with Anne and Annette. Hiltl afterwards, spring time!
- Diving with Susanne was chill, good stuff.
- SLOW DAY :(
- Good day at the office, productive!
- Gahhhh the dump valve on the stealth isn't opening right. Ugh! Gotta replace it the valve from my Project I guess. Lots of gaming with Anne tho <3
- Good day with Anne, but lots of meetings cutting in between.
- Slow day, gaming then a good evening at UW Picture Days.
- Awesome wide angle workshop. Learned a ton, got a few good shots, too. Andreas is fab!
- Blackwater workshop was... okay. Theory was a bit sparse and pool work was ... just macro, but neutrally buoyant in the water column. CMC02 is great but difficult to get focus if the subject moves much.
- Good workshop for creative macro photo. Good day at home with Anne <3
- Slow day, but good. Cuddly. Then to the airport, met Annette - uneventful flight to Jo-Burg.

# April 
- Good working day in the office in Johannesburg :)
- Great KoF session in the morning, amazing venue and great event in the afternoon. DEAD, but very happy.
- John got mugged :O Good day of work, back to airport, fully booked flight I'M DEAD!
- Arrived early, tired. Got home, cuddling and playing videogames, then joining Annette for the exhibit in museum Rietberg for K-Pop, super nice. Food afterwards, home time <3
- Good, if tricky first pool day. Laura struggles with the mask, but starts to overcome hear fears. Then exhibit in the tiniest gallery I've seen and some veganitas for Anne, Annette and me. Lovely end of the day.
- LAURA DID IT! We completed the pool!! Then a nice evening dive with Miguel at Baumgaertli. Vis is bad until 15m tho.
- Cuddly day with Anne, walk around Husemer See - what a gem! Did a geocache there, too! Then some indian food in Schaffhausen and then som HELLDIVERS ACTION!
- Chaos day today, office to print manuals for Annette, setup desk, lunch meeting with Ede in EURF, then home for a call with Martina, had a no-show tho, also nice. Then off to the airport with all the luggage and then off to London!
- Good day, little road trip with Cookie to Brighton, then transporting gear, lovely lunch with lots of old and new friends, picking up (and carrying) tanks to Cookie's hotel, whew. Photo tour and drone flight at the seaside.
- Absolute blast. Lovely dive with Mark, good talk on the big stage, met a few old and new friends <3 Then did a bit of a photo walk, had the drone in the air. Vegan fish&chips. LOVELY.
- Good travels home. Calm day.
- Slow saturday, lots of fun and love with Anne <3
- Amazing dive with Bianca, Karsten and lots of froggies at Rütenen. Then a lovely night dive with Meiki at Zollbrücke. Eels, catfish, little fishies, woooot!
- No dive, zipper broken :'( Fuuuuuuuck, but lovely time with Anne :)
- Weird day. Started rainy and a bit sad, then had a good day at work, but bad mood. Home with Anne things got better, though <3
- Good start! Got my photo portfolio live, got pics into shutterstock and a bunch more. Good day! Let's try the Nikon f70 for some funnnn :)
- Calm day, HD II Level 150! Then roadtrip to get the suit repaired, then dinner with Annette at Thai Orchid, what a blast again!
- Lake Dive 1 with Laura. Taxing, broken reg, ugh, but nice dive. Then picking up Annette, Spieleabend with Andreja and Jan, so so so sooo much fun <3
- Good, calm day. Student canceled, I did a few organisational things, then we visited BYD with Annette, had a photo tour, went to grab food at Swing Kitchen and had a lovely evening at home :)
- Did a few fetch quests, lol, then drove with Jan to Ruetenen and dived with Jan and Susanne. SO MANY TOADSSSS! Good talking to Jan, we needed this chat, I think. Calm eve at home.
- Gaming with Anne, then a walk with Anne and Annette along Werenbachtobel, super nice. Got Doener, then ice cream then went home again <3
- Worky worky, then meeting Jan and having a LOVELY lunch and chat and coffee and awww, so good! Checked out Ars Imago - what a lovely (albeit dangerous) store!
- Good day at the office, went diving in Aegerisee with Felice...nice but not outragingly amazing. Then some dinner and a long convo with Felice. Such a nice guy :)
- Completely fucked up day. Good work day, but then I forgot my reg for the dive with Vanessa, then someone took our weights, urgh.
- Great day today, reactivate was fun, then some home time with Anne <3
- Developed the film, woooah! The pics came out, some better, some worse. Some odd streaks tho, hm. First pool day with Olya was great, my first HSA OWD is going pretty well, I'd say :)
- We finished the pool sessions for Olya, hopped in the car, got home, Annette popped over and we rode into the sunset to Hamburg. 11 hours drive, hotel at 3am, whew.
- Cookie is sick, no diving. But we took a great photo tour around town in HH, visited the Titanic Experience and met with Cookie, had dinner together, lovely day!
- The conference was amazing. Lovely location, great talks, amazing audience. LOVE IT! The Rickmer Rickmers is beautiful but food was shite.
- Lots of accidents and traffic jams, but we made it home safe and sound. Was a good drive, time to go to bed :)

# May 
- Fondueschiff was a bit of a shitshow, but hey. You live, you learn. Still an ok day.
- Calm day with Anne. Went to grab my stuff from Konstanz, then dropped of cardboard, went to have Lily's and back home again for some HD II fun!
- Slow day, lovely time with Anne, some photography in the evening. Not sure how I feel about the grainy Cinestill XX look, tbh.
- Diving with Andreja and Jan at Baumgärtli :) So many pikes, burbots, perches, sooo much funnnn!
- Lovely day with Anne, heading to Ocean Film Fest with Anne, Annette, Andreja and Jan after a nice dinner at Lily's. We met Annick and the Jugendtreff in the foyer. Films were okay, not mind-blowing but most of them were good. Nice evening.
- Lazy afternoon after a full day in the office with lots done. Did a bit of photography tho :)
- Woooorrrkkkk, but then I did a few nice shots in Zug and Zürich, hope they'll come out nicely.
- Visited what might become my studio. Also took a few more shots, picked up my pictures from Stage Gallery and developed the film. Seems to be going well! Love love love with Anne <3
- Amazing podcast recording, great tour of the Landesdenkmalpflegeamt :D Spargel, photography and lovely conversations with Jan. HELLDIVERS WITH ANNE <3 <3 <3
- Slow day, dive in Rheinau, drone flight, Anne got her new drivers license request in...good stuff.
- OWD Pool 1, then picked up Annette, got cinnamood with Anne and Annette, sat at the Limmat and had a good evening :)
- OWD Pool 2. We got there, good stuff. Then a calm afternoon with Anne <3 <3 <3
- Two dives at Baumgaertli, Andreja is now a Deep Diver, whee! Then a few photos taken, then back home with Anne <3 <3 <3
- Work was good, no idea how I got into a breakdown anyway. Super odd. Good evening with Anne tho!
- Fabulous anniversary <3 Cuddly morning, Habsburg visit, great vegan lunch, then a calm afternoon, amazing dinner at Anoah and HD II in the evening. LOTS OF LOVE <3
- Wörk and then two AMAZING dives with Felix at Baumgärtli. SO MANY PIKES great viz, noice!
- Long day, but great day! Konstanz with Anne and Annette - picked up the cams, shopping in Edeka, got clothes for the wedding, booked rental (BYD if we get lucky) and hotel, Hans im Glück, Cinnamood, yay!
- Shot a bit of film, had a great day with Anne, went for a walk. 120... I fucked up. I'm pretty sure it was exposed after I unpacked it, before I put it into the cam. DAMN. (It was)
- Lake dives with Ramona and Pascal were great, chill evening.
- Wtf. I've won the election with 13 votes, one guy, representing 4 votes voted against me, WaPo did Enthaltung. What a weird evening.
- Off to Helsinki. Meh dive there, but ok. Hotel is the bomb, it's sooo nice!
- Conf was good, went to Kamerastore, they don't have much in Helsinki, most comes from a warehouse somewhere else. Meh. But I found an Agfa that I will have shipped soon, yay!
- Home, sweet home. HD2 ftw, some cuddles, loving it.
- Dive at WZT for the solo diver, terrible viz below 8m. Then picked up Anne, Vapiano food, chat, laughter. Then Mission Impossible, a great day all around!
- Calm day, lots of cuddling up with Anne <3 <3 <3 Went to the milkshake place with Anne and Annette, meh. Chatting, doing stuff, nice evening. Good, calm, downtime day.
- Great shooting with Matthias Lebo, super excited to see what comes out of it. Then OWD/Dry final dives with Ramona and Pascal at Baumgaertli, pretty neat, too. Long day, tho.
- Good day in the office, then brought Mika to Annette and had a calm evening with Anne ;)
- Flying to LIS. All smooth, got a BYD Atto 3, whee. Butter smooth driving. Went to the coast, saw a lighthouse, weird hotel but okay. Great weather tho :)
- Explored the bay across the bridge, went up the statue. Nice day. Lovely walk along the river with the wedding party :)
- We took the city tour by bus, quite lovely. Food was amazing at Kong!
- Anne isn't feeling too well, we take it easy. Good day at the wedding, beautiful location! Meeting the German / Zurich table :)

# June 

- Slow day, Anne and I explore the more southern coast with stunning cliffs and a beautiful lighthouse, too. The car gets some good mileage here :) Lovely landscape. Anne is not feeling terribly great though :(
- Anne is sleeping through the day, I explored the city for some photos. Drove to the lighthouse again for some more photos.
- Recharging the car isn't really easy here, sigh. Flight back was relatively uneventful, Annette stressed and pushed herself to bring Mika home and pick us up, poor girl :(
- Yay! Great dives with Christoph at Baumgärtli, never got this close to Schleien! Nice dinner with Jan and Annette at Outback. I'm dead. I think I'm getting sick.
- Yup, sick. Fuck fuckety fuck. I'm down.
- Brought Annette to the airport, hope she's having a good time in Korea! I'm out of order, tho.
- Pinnacle of feeling sick with the plague, ughhh. Happy birthday. Hm.
- Feeling a bit better today. Slowly recovering, still slow day tho. Slow Sunday.
- Good day today, went to see Phoenician Scheme and Ballerina at Frame with Anne. GREAT films. Feeling much better, but still sniffling.
- Great, efficient day working from home, two more podcast episodes recorded, then shopping motorbike clothing for Anne and having some food on the way back, super chill.
- Good day at the office, then lunch with SUSV Viviane, then I pushed Anne, so she had her first motorbike ride in her life. She loves it <3
- Another lovely day at the office, then going to Konstanz with Jan. Miffed that I'm still not fit to dive, but happy nonetheless. Exhibit was beautiful, lots of good chats, good food, great company.
- Anne bought her first motorbike! Then a day of relaxing together :) First attempt at the Pinsta, loving it...but it was a bit messy.
- Slow day, then I went shooting the new Nettar and doing some selfies with the Pinsta - so much fun!! Far less messy once you get the hang of it.
- Busy day, first shooting at Wald Rollt, then developing with the Kaiser tank, went really well. 4 rolls of 135 and one of the 120 rolls done :) Flight to WAW was super late, but I got a very nice apartment here.

# July 

# August 

# September 

# October 

# November 

# December
